2020 12th Electrical Engineering Faculty Conference, BulEF 2020. The proceedings contain 78 papers. The topics discussed include: comparative analysis of dimmable fluorescent and LED bio-dynamic lighting systems installed in a training laboratory; energy trading web platform based on the ethereum smart contracts and blockchain; specifics in determining the operational energy efficiency index EEOI according to the requirements of the international maritime organization IMO for the period 2020-2025; study of electromagnetic fields in buildings in the vicinity of а marine radar installation; components of the communication system for metro trains control; tests for investigation of the psycho-phisiological impact of light and ergonomic lighting indicators of LED lighting systems; implementation of artificial dynamic and biodynamic lighting system in training laboratory; and defense against cyber-attacks on the hydro power plant connected in parallel with energy system.
20th International Conference on Mobile Web and Intelligent Information Systems, MobiWIS 2024. The proceedings contain 22 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Mobile Web and Intelligent Information Systems. The topics include: Simulation of SARSA-Based Reinforcement- Learning Dynamic SDN Migration Process; Dynamic SDN Multiple Nodes Migration Using SARSA Reinforcement Learning; exploring Worst Arc Flow Minimization: A Comparative Study of a Provided Wireless Network and Its Derivation via Spanning Tree Topology; Decentralized Renewable Energy Trading: A Cross-Chain, NFT, and IPFS Framework; Advancing IAM in the Finance Sector by Integrating Zero Trust and Blockchain Technology; Enhanced Security for Animal Health Records Using RSA-Encrypted NFTs on the Blockchain; evaluating Third-Party Involvement in Android Apps: Norms and Anomalies in Usage Patterns; applying the Knowledge Behavior Gap Model to Study the Acceptance of Blockchain-Based Solutions; Transparent Threads: Enhancing Handicraft Supply Chain Ethics and Transparency with Blockchain, Smart Contracts and Encrypted-RSA NFTs; enhancing User Control and Transparency in Personal Data Trading: A Blockchain-Enabled Platform Approach; Quantum-Blockchain Healthcare System for Invasive and No-Invasive-IoMT Data; exploring Human Artificial Intelligence Using the Knowledge Behavior Gap Model; review of Deep Learning Models for Remote Healthcare; Transformation Design Framework for AI-Driven Hyper-performance; a Statistical Approach for Modeling the Expressiveness of Symbolic Musical Text; A Domain-Aware Federated Learning Study for CNC Tool Wear Estimation; information and Knowledge Management Methods for the Preparation of New Safety Standards and New Legislation for Use in Smart Cities; lessons Learned: A Usability Study of an Urban Data Platform for Citizens; the Impact of Modern Information Technology on the Resistance to Disinformation in the Police; exploring Cognitive Enhancement Technologies in the Workplace: A Systematic Literature Review.
26th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence, ECAI 2023. The proceedings contain 26 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Artificial Intelligence. The topics include: SMAP: Smart Personalized Medication Assistant to Help Nurses in Medication Adherence; the Use of Modern Technologies in Decision-Making by Polish Farmers; decision Support in Production Environment Using Artificial Intelligence; Identification of Barriers to AI Implementation in Medical Information Systems; exploring Cause-and-Effect Relationships Between Public Company Press Releases and Their Stock Prices; Cybersecurity of the Unmanned Marine Vehicles in the Conditions of Partial or Complete Interruption Multi-GNSS Signals by Jamming and/or Spoofing; applying Convolutional Neural Networks to Stock Market Forecasting – A Case Study of Stock Volume Prediction; forecasting Fuel Retail Sales Volume Using Machine Learning for Sustainable Decision-Making; The Effectiveness of AI Methods Compared to Statistical Analysis and Data Modeling in the Construction of Scoring Models; supporting Algorithmic Trading with Machine Learning: Progress in Backend Technology; forecasting e-learning Course Purchases Using Deep Learning Based on Customer Retention; Customer Segmentation and Anticipation of Consumer Behaviors Based on Machine Learning and CART; Prediction of Customer Purchases Using LSTM Deep Neural Network; Acceptance and Use of ChatGPT Among Accounting and Finance Higher Education Students; virtual Reality Games in Promoting Waste-Sorting Behaviour; psychophysiological Research in the Design of Useful Interfaces for e-Learning Materials; analysis of the Successful and Bankrupt Digital Currency Exchanges Based on Open Data; the New Algorithm for Effective Reducing the Number of Pairwise Comparisons in the Decision Support Methods; Multi-criteria Assessment of the Sustainable Share of Renewable Energy Sources in European Countries Using the SSP-TOPSIS Method; on Comparison of the Results of Selected Multicriteria Methods Applied in the Assessment Banking Websites in Poland in 2022.
3DArcLens: Interactive network analysis on geographic surfaces. Geographic datasets such as international telecommunications traffic, financial flows, trading patterns, and national migration patterns describe the movement of entities between geographical locations. In spatial relations analyses the exact route of the connections is not important. Hence, one of the most preferred methods for its depiction is a graph representation with data nodes layered over a geographical surface (such as a flat map or a virtual globe). However, a large number of arcs can produce dense visual clutters that make difficult the extraction of information from: occluded geographical surfaces, occluded nodes and occluded arcs. In this work we present a novel focus+context technique for 3D virtual environments that interactively distorts and filters arcs layouts, revealing underneath information about the three aforementioned visual elements: nodes, arcs and geographical surface. Moreover, changing the camera does not affect the geographical focus of the lens. In our use cases, we observed that such technique is an advantage for tasks that include the exploration of geographical networks.
3rd International Conference on Digital Arts, Media and Technology, ICDAMT 2018. The proceedings contain 66 papers. The topics discussed include: using SWRL rules for requirements engineering: application to ERTMS/SRS specifications; determination of regional main products with fuzzy logic approach in regional Sula Island Of North Maluku province; on the security of 'block-based SVD image watermarking in spatial and transform domains'; enhancing support vector machine model for stock trading using optimization techniques; the creation of 2.5D animation for children self-discipline development; developing conceptual model for the effectiveness of knowledge sharing in business innovation for Indonesian MSMEs performance; automatic non-personalized book recommender algorithm for bookstore shelf management; CCTV based surveillance system for railway station security; a labanotation based ontology for representing Vietnamese folk dances; approach augmented reality real-time rendering for understanding light and shade in art education; an improved technique of competence analysis for occupational standard development; and ethics and regulation for media in Thailand.
41st IBIMA International Conference on Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning, IBIMA-AI 2023. The proceedings contain 38 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning. The topics include: K-Nearest Neighbor in Assessing Trends of Cameroonians Most Attractive Communal and Cultural Diversity Cities in Poland Based on Natural Language Processing and Artificial Intelligence; artificial Intelligence and Geodata for Local Community Sensibilization to Sustainable Spatial Development; wave-U-Net Speech Denoising; neural Network Compression; expanding the Capabilities of Voice User Interface for Math Formula Editor Through Interactive Commands; reinforcement Learning in Algorithmic Trading: An Overview; proposal of a System for Prototyping and Validation of Drug Efficacy and Safety Evaluation Methods; Leading Trends in AI: A Literature Review; improvement of the Objects Sorting Process Using Machine Learning on the Example of a Created Prototype; security Management for Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks by Software Defined Network Paradigm; implementation of Common-Use Electric Equipment in the Railway Environment with Respect to Electromagnetic Compatibility; Exploring the Potential of OLSR Steganography for Confidential Communication; recommendation Systems Techniques in Finance’s Perspective: A Conceptual Research; PC-Based Electronic Testbed for Comprehensive Security Evaluation of IoT Devices; Analysis of Time Reaction During Different Approaches to Command Handling in NetFPGA Hardware; the Adoption of Spatial Information Technology in Precision Agriculture; Identifying Critical Success Factors (CSF) for Cyber Supply Chain Risk Management (CSCRM): A Qualitative Study Using Agency Theory; VLSM Techniques for Optimizing Real IPv4 Networks; review and Criteria for Selecting Open-Source Tools for Managing Wireless Local Networks; laboratory Studies of Infrared Radiation Transmission of Camouflage Net Materials Used on the Battlefield.
A Comprehensive Survey on the Applications of Blockchain for Securing Vehicular Networks. Vehicular networks promise features such as traffic management, route scheduling, data exchange, entertainment, and much more. With any large-scale technological integration comes the challenge of providing security. Blockchain technology has been a popular choice of many studies for making the vehicular network more secure. Its characteristics meet some of the essential security requirements such as decentralization, transparency, tamper-proof nature, and public audit. This study catalogues some of the notable efforts in this direction over the last few years. We analyze around 75 blockchain-based security schemes for vehicular networks from an application, security, and blockchain perspective. The application perspective focuses on various applications which use secure blockchain-based vehicular networks such as transportation, parking, data sharing/ trading, and resource sharing. The security perspective focuses on security requirements and attacks. The blockchain perspective focuses on blockchain platforms, blockchain types, and consensus mechanisms used in blockchain implementation. We also compile the popular simulation tools used for simulating blockchain and for simulating vehicular networks. Additionally, to give the readers a broader perspective of the research area, we discuss the role of various state-of-the-art emerging technologies in blockchain-based vehicular networks. Finally, we summarize the survey by listing out some common challenges and future research directions in this field. © 1998-2012 IEEE.
A Cross-Chain Analysis of NFT-Based Personal Data Marketplaces: Evaluating EVM-Supported Platforms for Transparent of Data Trading. This paper presents a comprehensive study of blockchain-enabled personal data marketplaces, focusing on the application of NFTs for data representation and trading. We analyze four prominent EVM-supported platforms: Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, Fantom, and Celo, to determine their suitability for implementing a decentralized data trading ecosystem. The study addresses the limitations of traditional centralized data management systems, particularly in terms of user privacy, control, and fair compensation. We propose a smart contract-based framework that leverages NFTs to represent personal data assets, enabling transparent pricing and secure transactions. Our evaluation encompasses key metrics such as transaction fees, gas costs, and overall platform efficiency. The findings provide insights into the optimal blockchain infrastructure for personal data marketplaces, considering factors like scalability, cost-effectiveness, and user experience. This research contributes to the ongoing development of user-centric data management solutions in the digital economy, offering a balanced approach that considers the interests of data owners, consumers, and platform operators. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2025.
A Decentralized Bilateral Energy Trading System for Peer-to-Peer Electricity Markets. Increase in the deployment of distributed energy resources (DERs) has triggered a new trend to redesign electricity markets as consumer-centric markets relying on peer-to-peer (P2P) approaches. In the P2P markets, players can directly negotiate under bilateral energy trading to match demand and supply. The trading scheme should be designed adequately to incentivise players to participate in the trading process actively. This article proposes a decentralized P2P energy trading scheme for electricity markets with high penetration of DERs. A novel algorithm using primal-dual gradient method is described to clear the market in a fully decentralized manner without interaction of any central entity. Also, to incorporate technical constraints in the energy trading, line flow constraints are modeled in the bilateral energy trading to avoid overloaded or congested lines in the system. This market structure respects market players' preferences by allowing bilateral energy trading with product differentiation. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated using simulation studies, and it is found that market players can trade energy to maximize their welfare without violating line flow constraints. Also, compared with other similar methods for P2P trading, the proposed approach needs lower data exchange and has a faster convergence. © 1982-2012 IEEE.
A Dynamic Data Slice Approach to the Vulnerability Analysis of E-Commerce Systems. The e-commerce business process net (EBPN) is a novel formal model for describing an e-commerce system and its interactive parts, such as shoppers, merchants, and the third-party payment platforms. Vulnerability analysis has a great impact on the trustworthiness of EBPN, which is an issue stemming from data inconsistency problems. Data inconsistency problems affect the consistency of the EBPN transaction analysis. The underlying causes of inconsistent data are closely related to concurrent operations, such as control flow and data flow. However, most of the existing detection methods have difficulties characterizing the vulnerabilities and interactions of control and data flows. In this paper, we propose a new method based on the dynamic data slice (DDS) that considers both transaction consistency and data state consistency. First, by analyzing control flow characteristics of EBPN, we obtain the dynamic slice. This dynamic slice is based on all paths of the EBPN reachability graph. Second, we perform the data inconsistency analysis by considering both transaction consistency and data-state consistency. Based on these, we construct a DDS to characterize the behavioral logic and the data-dependence information. The DDS acquires the dynamic data firing sequence. Based on that sequence and a given data marking, we can construct the DDSs for several types of EBPNs. Constructing the DDS can be completed in polynomial time. The DDS is designed to characterize the behavioral logic and data-dependence information. Based on these, we design a method to judge the data constraints. This method satisfies the EBPN need for transaction consistency by considering both the control and data states. In addition, according to the data-dependence information, we can lock the vulnerable regions caused by abnormal trading data in the system. Finally, we give a method to compute the vulnerability level. © 2013 IEEE.
A Generalized Nash Equilibrium analysis of the interaction between a peer-to-peer financial market and the distribution grid. We consider the interaction between the distribution grid (physical level) managed by the distributed system operator (DSO), and a financial market in which prosumers optimize their demand, generation, and bilateral trades in order to minimize their costs subject to local constraints and bilateral trading reciprocity coupling constraints. We model the interaction problem between the physical and financial levels as a noncooperative generalized Nash equilibrium problem. We compare two designs of the financial level prosumer market: a centralized design and a peer-to-peer fully distributed design. We prove the Pareto efficiency of the equilibria under homogeneity of the trading cost preferences. In addition, we prove that the pricing structure of our noncooperative game does not permit free-lunch behavior. Finally, in the numerical section we provide additional insights on the efficiency loss with respect to the different levels of agents' flexibility and amount of renewables in the network. We also quantify the impact of the prosumers' pricing on the noncooperative game social cost. © 2021 IEEE.
A Genetic Algorithm (GA) Approach to the Portfolio Design Based on Market Movements and Asset Valuations. Vulnerable nature of price forecasts, such as an unpredictability of future and numbers of socio-economic factors that affect market stability, often makes investment risky. Earlier studies in Finance suggested that constructing a portfolio can promise risk-spread gains. While Fund Standardization improved the traditional theories by reducing the computational complexity and by associating every interaction in the portfolio, such a method still cannot become a winning strategy because it does not measure the current value or the relative price of each asset. Inspired by the works of finding returns per risk, we attempt to design an optimal portfolio by searching products that have potential to grow further. More specifically, we first analyze risk-adjusted returns in the previous periods and use their inertia as a momentum. However, because historic movements alone do not fully elucidate future changes nor guarantee positive returns, we scored the relative values of each stock to make more informed estimations. Using the Capital Asset Pricing Model, we measured the values of each stock and determined those undervalued. In this study, we applied a Genetic Algorithm to optimize portfolios while incorporating the momentum strategy and the asset valuations. The proposed GA model was tested in two separate markets, SP500 and KOSPI200, and projected greater profits than that from both the previous method with momentum method and the market indexes. From the experimental results, the proposed CAPM+ method was found to be very effective in financial data analysis and to lay a groundwork for a sustainable investment execution. © 2013 IEEE.
A MF-ConvLSTM-XAI model integrating multi-feature and fuzzy control for financial time series forecasting. In financial time series prediction, existing methods struggle to fully capture the dynamic characteristics and nonlinear relationships of the data. Furthermore, they lack sufficient capability to integrate multiple features (such as prices, trading volumes, and technical indicators), particularly in highly volatile market conditions, where the prediction accuracy and stability of these models tend to be poor. This study proposes a financial time series forecasting (FTSF) model named Multi-Feature Convolutional Long Short-Term Memory Network–Explainable Artificial Intelligence (MF-ConvLSTM-XAI). By deeply integrating Convolutional Long Short-Term Memory Networks (ConvLSTM) with Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) techniques, the model improves the accuracy and stability of financial time series predictions and enhances interpretability. Firstly, the sliding window technique is applied to segment the original financial time series, with data in each window transformed into multiple feature representations. The features analyzed encompass price fluctuations, trading volumes, and technical indicators, enabling the model to identify intricate patterns within the series. Subsequently, the Gramian Angular Difference Fields (GADF) technique is employed to transform the extracted sequential features into image formats. Regarding model design, the MF-ConvLSTM network leverages both convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks. Additionally, a Fuzzy Control Mechanism (FCM) is integrated into the input gate of the ConvLSTM to facilitate subspace reconstruction, enhancing the information flow and state update process in the memory units. To enhance the model’s interpretability, XAI technology is applied to feature importance analysis, decision path visualization, and model explanation reports. This helps researchers and practitioners better understand the model’s decision-making process, increasing the model’s transparency and credibility. To evaluate the effectiveness of the MF-ConvLSTM-XAI model, experiments are conducted using the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index dataset. The results indicate that MF-ConvLSTM-XAI achieves higher prediction accuracy compared with traditional LSTM models and other baseline methods. Specifically, the Mean Squared Error (MSE) on the test set decreases by approximately 15%, and the Mean Absolute Error (MAE) decreases by about 12%. Moreover, the model demonstrates greater robustness under highly volatile market conditions. These findings validate the effectiveness and advantages of MF-ConvLSTM-XAI in FTSF. Overall, by integrating multi-feature information and Fuzzy Cognitive Mechanisms (FCM), MF-ConvLSTM-XAI shows a positive impact on improving the accuracy and stability of financial time series predictions. Although the study achieves promising results on the New York Stock Exchange dataset, the model’s generalization capability still requires further validation across more diverse financial datasets, including cryptocurrency and emerging markets. Nonetheless, this approach provides a valuable tool for financial data analysis and offers new insights for research and applications in the field. © The Author(s) 2025.
A Mathematica-Based Interface for the Exploration of Inter- and Intra-Regional Financial Flows. This work surveys the use of directed weighted graphs in conducting comparative static analyses. The paper discusses the implementation of a computer-aided process for building spreadsheet-based graph models for inter- and intra-regional financial flows. The graph-theoretic techniques are programmed to enable the interactive visualization and analysis of financial data using Wolfram technologies (i.e., Mathematica software v. 11.3 or later, Wolfram player v. 12 or later). The paper describes the workflow for several interactive visualizations applicable to financial networks. The author provides four programs, written in the Wolfram language, that customize input–output financial models by combining the Manipulate command with built-in Mathematica functions and functions of the IGraph package (IGraph/M). The study is a tutorial article for the generation of a suite of visual schemes that provide patterns, practices, and roadmaps of the financial markets across the globe. © 2024 by the author.
A New Style of Meta-Cosmic Cultural Interaction: “Light Up” National Digital Museum. This paper analyzes the pain points faced by the museum industry today, interviews relevant museum exhibitors, and proposes the “Light Up” national cloud museum app system, which is a practical tool for digital museum construction that integrates the functions of theme creative design, collection collection and publicity, and space layout and exhibition, to create a thematic, diversified, and Thematic, diversified, flexible digital museum open platform. To build a sustainable development system of digital museums with the important support of cultural and museum experts, collection trading, museum community, etc. At the same time, the study designs questionnaires based on usability testing, conducts user research on the product, meanwhile, analyzes the operability, practicality, and public acceptability of the product. The user usage of the APP is studied and analyzed through questionnaires, user interviews, and user field tests to collect raw data on user experience. It provides material support for the subsequent product optimization and upgrading. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
A Preliminary Design Method of High-Power Electro-Hydrostatic Actuators Considering Design Robustness. Electro-hydrostatic actuators (EHAs) are expanding their application fields due to their combined advantages of electric and hydraulic actuation. However, the control performance, the weight, and the efficiency turn out to be more challenging requirements when the EHA power level increases to over 30 kW. Therefore, a preliminary design dedicated to trading off the system-level EHA performance based on multi-domain coupling analysis is necessary considering the comprehensive performance requirements and the parameter uncertainties. However, the existing methods are deficient in responding to all these design challenges. In this paper, an EHA preliminary design method is proposed to achieve the optimum system-level performance with robustness. First, the design parameters are analyzed and selected. Second, an optimization design of EHAs is realized by developing multi-disciplinary performance simulation models. The robustness is also considered during the optimization design. Third, the optimization results are evaluated by a specifically built EHA model, which realizes high fidelity than the models used for optimization. As a result, the general high-power EHA requirements are fully considered during the preliminary design and an optimum EHA performance is achieved. The proposed method is demonstrated in a design case of a 30 kW EHA for aerospace applications, which achieved the optimum performance of 8 Hz bandwidth and 69.92 kg weight. The preliminary design results also outline the input information for the following detailed design. Therefore, the proposed method demonstrated its applicability for delivering robust EHA design results for engineering applications. © 2022 by the authors.
A Review on Techniques, Characteristics and approaches of an intelligent tutoring Chatbot system. Today is the age of Advancement in the various types of machines or devices. And due to this advance. Attribute the difference between human and machine decrease. And the technology, of the computer-based learning system, are integrating more towards Advance tools and technologies like (A.I, N.L.P.)', such a system is known as an intelligent-Tutoring system or conversation system, like a chatbot. It is necessary that with rapidly changing technology, teaching and learning methods of the education system should adapt to increase and enhance the capabilities of teachers and abilities of the students. Therefore, the intelligent tutoring system (Chatbot) using natural language which allows humans to interact with a computer is one of the best alternatives of these requirements where the human tutor is replacing with a virtual tutor. Nowadays, an intelligent tutoring system(Chatbots) are in high demands in our various fields like teaching and learning in education, business, e-comm, online trading, public health care, and sports etc. Different techniques and processes are involved in designing and developing chatbots. This review paper aims to take a survey of the critical and necessary methods used in this communication and conversational agents. © 2020 IEEE.
A Rule-based Decision System for Financial Applications. Decision rules have been widely applied in industrial applications such as finance, medicine, and biology, due to the critical requirement of interpretability. In order to make decision rules easier and more widely used in financial scenarios, an automatic intelligent rule system with rule learning and rule management capabilities is needed. However, the rule system for financial applications has distinctive challenges both in algorithms and systems. From the algorithm perspective, due to the characteristics of the financial data and scenarios, the rule learning algorithm faces the class-imbalanced issue, the scalability issue, and the diversity of optimization objectives. From the system perspective, a flexible rule learning and management framework is needed to adapt to fast-changing financial applications with heterogenous data, and engineering optimization is required to ensure the time and space efficiency of rule learning. In this work, we focus on developing a Rule-based Decision System (RDS) to deal with the algorithmic and systematic challenges mentioned above. RDS covers the full life cycle of the decision rules, including the rule learning module, rule management module, and rule deployment module. Moreover, the rule system offers an interactive interface to allow users to integrate the expert experiences into the decision rules and realize the human-in-the-loop. The RDS has been deployed on one of the world's largest trading and money transfer platforms, serving hundreds of millions of users and transactions. © 2023 IEEE.
A Secure Content Trading for Cross-Platform in the Metaverse With Blockchain and Searchable Encryption. In a rapidly evolving metaverse, where the physical and virtual realms naturally merge, users are actively participating in interactive experiences, content creation, and content trading, transcending spatial and temporal constraints. However, with the spread of the metaverse, security concerns have been raised about privacy and the integrity of digital transactions. Several studies have thus focused on enhancing the security and privacy in metaverse. However, there is still a lack of security research on content trading between metaverse platforms. Therefore, this paper proposes a secure content trading system for cross-platform interactions within the metaverse. Leveraging the blockchain technology, the proposed system delivers an ecosystem that ensures secure content management, data integrity, and verifiable transactions. We use smart contracts that enable reliable and automated purchase methods, empowering users and building their trust. In addition, we incorporate searchable encryption to further enhance the user experience within the metaverse by allowing avatars to seamlessly search for and obtain the desired content across different metaverse platforms. The security of the proposed scheme is comprehensively assessed via vulnerability analyses, including BAN logic and Scyther, to identify potential threats and vulnerabilities in various content trading scenarios. The security and performance of the proposed system are compared with those of the related schemes. Result reveals that the proposed scheme is robust and can be applied to content trading systems in dynamic and ever-expanding metaverse environments. © 2013 IEEE.
A Survey of User Experiences in Augmented Reality-Aided Energy Trading Platforms for Electromobility Charging Networks. This study explores the integration of augmented reality (AR) in energy trading platforms, focussing on user experience within electromobility charging networks. It begins by introducing AR concepts and their applications across industries. Integrating AR into energy trading platforms for electromobility charging networks presents innovative potential; however, user experiences and adoption rates remain underexplored. This review seeks to address this gap by analysing the existing AR-aided platforms, focussing on user engagement, satisfaction and the overall effectiveness of these systems in enhancing the charging experience. The current state of electromobility charging networks is analysed, highlighting the existing energy trading paradigms and user experience challenges. Innovations in peer-to-peer energy sharing and trading, particularly blockchain technology, are examined along with the potential advantages of integrating AR. This review also discusses AR technologies and tools applicable to electromobility, user-centric design principles and the impact of AR visualisation on energy trading decision-making. This article reviews and evaluates security and privacy implications, case studies, challenges, future directions, regulatory and ethical considerations and user adoption factors, culminating in actionable recommendations for industry stakeholders. © © 2025 Idowu Adetona Ayoade and Omowunmi Mary Longe. Advances in Human-Computer Interaction published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
A Sustainable Investment: Fintech evaluation and actual use analysis of online stock trading platforms. Rise of online stock trading platforms has led to a transformation in financial markets, making trading more convenient and accessible. This study employed the extended Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) and restructured System Usability Scale (SUS) to examine the impact of online stock trading platforms on investment decision-making, utilizing a Partial-Least Square Structural Equation Modeling approach. Using purposive sampling, data from 380 respondents were collected through an online survey. It was revealed that all latent variables, including subjective norms, user experience, user interface, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, attitude, and perceived usability, showed significance on the intention and actual use of online stock trading platforms. Moreover, behavioral intention has the most significant impact on the actual use of online investment platforms, indicating that users’ interest, preference for online platforms, and the versatility of platforms contribute to their adoption. The findings emphasized on the accessibility, user experience enhancements, and real-time market data to attract and retain users effectively. By providing actionable insights for platform developers and financial institutions to refine user interfaces and enhance perceived usefulness, this study contributes to a broader understanding of technology's evolving role in shaping effective investment strategies and empowering investors to navigate the current financial industry. © 2025 Elsevier Ltd
A SysML-based approach for designing an ideal blockchain-based data trading platform; Blok zinciri tabanlı ideal bir veri ticareti platformunun tasarımı için SysML tabanlı bir yaklaşım. Internet of things (IoT) is a collection of various types of devices that has sensors and connected to each other over a network. This technology was first implemented in 1982 and today, especially with the spread of the internet, it is frequently used in many areas such as identification and monitoring technologies, wired and wireless sensors and distributed information systems. As its usage areas have expanded, this technology has started to be used for data collection purposes. On the other hand, in an era where workable data has gained significant value, collecting data via the IoT has become an important endeavor not only for researchers in the field of data, but also for those who want to gain commercial benefits from this data. This situation has revealed the need to market such data in a reliable and healthy way. Due to its features such as transparency, immutability of records and decentralization, blockchain technology stands out as an effective and safe method to meet this need. In this work, with the help of SysML diagrams, it is examined that how an ideal blockchain-based data trading platform should be. In this direction, first the components of the platform were determined and the relations between these components were analyzed. In addition, the requirements needed for this system to work safely and effectively have been defined. Moreover, how these requirements can be met is demonstrated through an example scenario. © 2023 Gazi Universitesi Muhendislik-Mimarlik. All rights reserved.
A Tree-Enhanced Multi-Agent Question Answering System for Enterprise-Specific Financial Knowledge Based on Dynamic Search. Question answering tasks in the financial futures are usually complex. It requires complex semantic parsing and dynamic optimization. To solve this issue, in this paper, we propose an enhanced question-answering system based on dynamic multi-agent search trees. In the system, we construct a hierarchical tree based on dynamic search using a multi-agent collaborative method. We integrated semantic association networks based on financial knowledge graphs. In this way, we automatically decomposed the complex queries. The key technical breakthroughs made in this paper include the following. Firstly, we build a task-planning algorithm based on multi-agent interaction. This enables dynamic expansion and pruning of search tree nodes, which manages the decomposition of domain-specific complex problems. Secondly, we established a financial knowledge graph with 150 core entities and 290 types of dynamic relationships. Using RDF triples and a semantic rule engine, it precisely expands domain terminologies and enhances cross-modal retrieval. Thirdly, we constructed a security-controlled automated framework design. This design uses a tool invocation-execution feedback loop and a hierarchical summarization mechanism (BM25 retrieval + context compression). In this way, it can reduce long-text processing time and ensure data permission control. According to the experiments, the system can answer specialized questions in different tasks, such as treasury futures trend analysis. It also supports fully automated reasoning and can be traced throughout the process. In this research, we provide an innovative solution for intelligent question-answering systems in financial futures. This method combines dynamic adaptability, domain expertise, and security reliability. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
A Usability Management Framework for Securing Healthcare Information System. Transformation from conventional business management systems to smart digital systems is a recurrent trend in the current era. This has led to digital revolution, and in this context, the hardwired technologies in the software industry play a significant role However, from the beginning, software security remains a serious issue for all levels of stakeholders. Software vulnerabilities lead to intrusions that cause data breaches and result in disclosure of sensitive data, compromising the organizations' reputation that translates into, financial losses and compromising software usability as well. Most of the data breaches are financially motivated, especially in the healthcare sector. The cyber invaders continuously penetrate the E- Health data because of the high cost of the data on the dark web. Therefore, security assessment of healthcare web-based applications demands immediate intervention mechanisms to weed out the threats of cyber-attacks for the sake of software usability. The proposed disclosure is a unique process of three phases that are combined by researchers in order to produce and manage usability management framework for healthcare information system. In this most threatened time of digital era where, Healthcare data industry has borne the brunt of the highest number of data breach episodes in the last few years. The key reason for this is attributed to the sensitivity of healthcare data and the high costs entailed in trading the data over the dark web. Hence, usability management of healthcare information systems is the need of hour as to identify the vulnerabilities and provide preventive measures as a shield against the breaches. The proposed unique developed model of usability management workflow is prepared by associating steps like learn; analyze and manage. All these steps gives an all in one package for the healthcare information management industry because there is no systematic model available which associate identification to implementation steps with different evaluation steps. © 2022 CRL Publishing. All rights reserved.
A Visual Interactive Analytics Interface for Complex Event Processing and Machine Learning Processing of Financial Market Data. Applying machine learning techniques over streaming data is notoriously difficult as it involves the interplay of several technologies that need to be judiciously put together by IT experts. This has motivated the need to provide intuitive and easy to use interactive interfaces for financial experts to be able to leverage both Complex Event Processing (CEP) and Machine Learning (ML) technologies. The solution proposed in this paper is based on an open architecture that uses CEP engines as a pre-processing function for downstream ML training and prediction computations. We demonstrate this approach using a few scenarios involving the analysis of financial market data streams. © 2020 IEEE.
A Web 3.0-Based Trading Platform for Data Annotation Service With Optimal Pricing. Annotating data is becoming increasingly important with the prevalence of machine learning. However, due to limited computing resources and high costs, most data owners prefer to outsource the task of data annotation to service providers with more computing resources and experience in annotation. While different parties are decentralized and selfish, it is important for them to reach consensus. We develop a Web 3.0-based trading platform for data annotation services that aims to ensure security and botain optimal prices during trading. Specifically, user information and trading records are stored in the blockchain to safeguard the platform's security. Moreover, we introduce a market mechanism that automates the transaction negotiation. In the market, a game theory-based pricing algorithm is proposed to maximize the whole utility of both parties. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments, and the results show that our system can significantly enhance the security level and user utility. © 2013 IEEE.
A critical review on optimal scheduling of hybrid renewable energy systems. Amidst the accelerating global energy transition, optimal scheduling of hybrid renewable energy systems (HRESs) is key to achieving carbon-reduction objectives. By mitigating the inherent intermittency of renewable generation, optimal scheduling simultaneously enhances economic efficiency and facilitates carbon-emission mitigation. Accordingly, a systematic examination of HRESs scheduling characteristics and optimization requirements across multiple timescales and dispatch levels is imperative. This review first offers a comprehensive overview of both deterministic and uncertainty optimization models applied to HRESs, accompanied by a classification and mathematical formulation of key performance indicators. To substantively advance renewable energy development, it is imperative to move beyond the current economic-centric paradigm and integrate environmental sustainability indicators, essential ecological constraints, and carbon trading mechanisms into optimization models. Furthermore, this paper conducts a comparative assessment of the characteristics and applicability of classical optimization techniques, artificial intelligence algorithms, hybrid methods, and software tools, highlighting hybrid methods as the most promising direction for future optimization challenges. In conclusion, this review synthesizes recent advancements, identifies practical challenges, and outlines future research directions for the optimal scheduling of HRESs, thereby offering valuable insights for the low-carbon and sustainable transformation. © 2025 Elsevier Ltd.
A data collection and supplementary control platform of a modern building for smart energy applications. This paper presents the design and applications of a data collection and supplementary control platform developed for energy-related applications of a modern office building. The challenges and possibilities of such a platform are discussed. The developed platform needed to aggregate and utilize available data and controls in buildings. The platform comprises a data collector at the edge for collecting, filtering and buffering data and for rapid control actions, and an IoT platform at the back end for visualizations and slow responses of energy management. Data is collected from internal (e.g., building automation and smart metering) and external (e.g., weather and market services) sources. The unique features of the platform include support for heterogeneous nature of the data sources and high volume and time resolution of data. The applications developed prove the applicability of the platform: energy and power quality analysis using machine learning, power peak management, blockchain for energy trading, and dashboards for energy information visualization for users of the building. The platform allows comprehensive and reliable data collection and more sophisticated integration of buildings in smart grids, e.g., ancillary service markets. The platform has also been deployed in a microgrid environment. Furthermore, the paper offers valuable experiences and lessons learned if planning to realize a smart building. © 2022 The Author(s)
A feature-oriented domain design approach to FX derivatives trading system. With the continuous development of inter-bank FX (foreign exchange) market, FX trading platform has been developed from a single electronic trading platform to multiple electronic trading platforms which covered a variety of trading products and trading mechanisms. FX transactions belong to specific areas, and their application systems have a lot of commonalities in the business requirements, architecture and concrete realization. There are certain cohesion and stability in domain. In this paper, an improved FODA (Feature-oriented Domain Analysis) method is used to analyze the domain and application requirements of FX derivatives. To achieve reusable domain components, DSSA (Domain Specific Software Architecture) is designed firstly to recognize the public and variable parts in FX derivatives field. Then, based on the analysis of feature model, domain model is adopted to deal with the reuse problem of FX derivatives component. After that, the FSM (Finite State Machine) is designed to guarantee the idempotent of the service. Finally, this paper shows the design and implementation of FX derivatives. In proof-of-concept domain-based FX derivatives trading system, the improvement of efficiency and quality in software development is well demonstrated. © 2017 Association for Computing Machinery.
A grouping-based AdaBoost method for factor investing. Constructing a quantitative factor investment strategy based on hundreds of candidate factors is a critical challenge. Existing linear models do not account for nonlinearities and variable interactions, while complex machine learning models are easily overfitting. In this paper, motivated by the portfolio sorts methods in empirical asset pricing, we propose an alternative approach called grouping-based AdaBoost by adapting the existing AdaBoost. It introduces the experience of the financial field into the algorithm design to improve the performance and generalization of machine learning-based factor investing strategies. The proposed method restricts the factor to only predict the common part of the returns of the same groups and allows the potential nonlinear relationship between a factor and the return. Moreover, to enhance the model's ability to use factors with high correlation, we extend the single-grouping AdaBoost in a multi-grouping way. Experiments on the Chinese A-share market demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in both stock performance classification and portfolio selection and provide intuitive evidence for the generalization of the proposed method. © 2022 IEEE.
A just energy trading platform - or just an energy trading platform?. This paper draws attention to the challenge to develop energy flexibility platforms that are understandable, usable and equitable. This challenge merits attention given the growing recognition of the strategic potential of energy communities to create and retain value locally, and in so doing, accelerate the transition towards a sustainable energy system. ICT platforms with features like energy management services and smart energy apps are mobilized to unlock this potential. They enable access to the flexibility market, facilitate energy trade and promote community members' engagement. However, these platforms are also a sign and accelerator of the increasing complexity of energy provisioning. With this complexity come new uncertainties, dependencies and risks of exclusion. As part of our participation in three major EU H2020 demonstration projects for community-centred energy flexibility - Hestia, Lightness and NRG2peers - we draw on the environmental justice framework to develop a co-creative design process capable of addressing these issues. The main challenges include recognizing and designing for a diversity of users' needs and capabilities and creating a space for communities to be able to translate their social values into flexibility business models and matching technological architecture. In the paper, we draw on our interviews and focus groups with pilot participants to identify the issues users face. We then report on our interventions in one of these pilots, where we focus especially on a co-design workshop, through which we try to align the participatory design process with justice principles. We argue that this combination can bolster and enrich user-centred design practices, which will help ensure not only that flexibility technology is fair, but also effective. We conclude the paper by evaluating outstanding challenges in realizing that promise. © 2022 European Council for an Energy Efficient Economy. All rights reserved.
A pseudo principal component analysis method for multi-dimensional open-high-low-close data in candlestick chart. As the most widely-used data form in the field of finance, the open-high-low-close (OHLC) data is being collected by all kinds of financial trading systems all the time. This paper puts forward a pseudo-principal component analysis (PCA) for multi-dimensional OHLC data, which can extract their useful information in a comprehensible way for visualization and easy interpretation. Firstly, a novel feature-based representation for OHLC data is proposed, which contains fruitful and explicit economic implications. Next, we define a full set of numerical characteristics and variance-covariance structures for the feature-based OHLC data. Then, the pseudo-PCA procedure for OHLC data is deduced based on the proposed algebraic operators. Finally, the effectiveness and interpretability of the proposed pseudo-PCA method are verified through finite simulations and three typical empirical experiments. This paper enriches the application scenarios of classical PCA and contributes to the multivariate statistical modeling of symbolic data. The proposed applications can serve as models for related studies. © 2022 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
A quantitative and knowledge-based approach to choosing security architectural tactics. Biographical notes: Suntae Kim is an Assistant Professor of the Department of Software Engineering at Chonbuk National University. His research focuses on software architecture, design patterns, requirements engineering and mining software repository. Abstract: This paper presents a quantitative approach to choosing security architectural tactics using architectural tactic knowledge base. An architectural tactic is an architectural design building block pertaining to a software quality. The tactic knowledge base is a tactic repository composing of architectural tactic specifications defined in role based metamodelling language (RBML) and their relationships expressed in a feature model. In this paper, a cost of an architectural tactic is estimated by using the use case points method, and a level of tactic contribution for non-functional requirements (NFRs) is predicted by the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and sensitivity analysis. Then, the proposed approach suggests the best possible fit which is likely to satisfy NFRs.We applied the approach to choosing security architectural tactics for building software architecture of an online trading system. © © 2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
A real options analysis for renewable energy investment decisions under china carbon trading market. Under the carbon trading mechanism, renewable energy projects can gain additional benefits through Chinese Certified Emission Reduction transactions. Due to the uncertainty of carbon trading system, carbon prices will fluctuate randomly, which will affect the investment timing of renewable energy projects. Thus, the value of the option will be generated. Therefore, renewable energy power generation project investment has the right of option. However, the traditional investment decision-making method can no longer meet the requirements of renewable energy investment in the current stage. In this paper, a real option model considering carbon price fluctuation is proposed as a tool for renewable energy investment. Considering optimal investment timing and carbon price, the model introduces a carbon price fluctuation as part of the optimization, studies the flexibility of enterprises' delayed investment under the fluctuation of carbon price. A case study is carried out to verify the effectiveness of the proposed real option model by selecting a wind farm in North China. The model is expected to help investors to assess the volatility and risk of renewable energy projects more accurately, and help investors to make a complete plan for the project investment, thus promoting the efficient allocation of resources in the energy industry. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A sentiment analysis of peer to peer energy trading topics from twitter. The emergence of the Peer-to-Peer (P2P) energy trading platforms provides a new method for the general public to use and trade green energy. How to design the peer to peer energy trading platform thus becomes important in facilitating user trading experience. This study will use the data mining method to evaluate factors impacting P2P energy trading experience. Python was used to analyze data extracted from Twitter and Natural Language Processing (NLP) method was implemented with hierarchical Latent Dirichlet Process (hLDA) model. . The study’s findings will be examined in detail. © 2019 International Consortium for Electronic Business. All rights reserved.
A situation aware information infrastructure (SAI2) framework. Computer network infrastructures constitute the critical backbone of every socio-economic ICT system. Consequently, they are becoming increasingly mission-critical in our society since they provide always-on services for many everyday applications (e.g., Cloud Data Cen-tres), safety-critical operations (e.g., Air Traffic Control networks), critical manufacturing services (e.g., Utility networks and Industrial Control Systems), and critical real-time services (e.g., Financial Trading Sys-tems). The resilience and ability of such systems to remain operational in the face of threats is therefore paramount; this needs to be done by taking remedial action and intelligently reshaping their resources. At the same time, current communication architectures do not allow for such informed and adaptive provisioning. In this paper, we introduce the concepts, principles and current research activities related to a new Situation Aware Information Infrastructure (SAI2) framework being developed for next generation ICT environments. © ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering 2017.
A stock price forecasting application using neural networks with multi-optimizer. This paper proposes an application prototype for forecasting of stock prices using feed-forward neural network with back propagation, Particle Swarm Optimization and Differential Evolution. The prototype provides a convenient graphical user interface that allows choosing stocks, period of data, percentage of training set, technical indicators for model inputs and other algorithmic parameters. Multithreading is provided for efficient running and the downloaded historical data and forecasted output can be save for future use. An experiment was performed to investigate the performance of the three algorithms as well as the effects of number of hidden nodes of the neural networks. © 2016 IEEE.
A systems engineering approach to trading conflicting requirements. Development programs are often faced with dealing with requirements that conflict with each other. Given these conflicting requirements, an approach is required to tackle the problem and present the customer with a best value solution. Background causes for the conflicting requirements are explained based on users and subject matter specialists. Examples relevant to the rotorcraft industry of requirements that conflict in relationship to cost, performance, risk and growth are presented. This paper will discuss a systematic approach for prioritizing conflicting requirements and trading off those requirements. The approach will suggest systems engineering techniques and tools employing quantitative and qualitative measures to develop a system architecture that provides the best customer value while trying to satisfice if not resolve those requirement conflicts. Lessons learned and future thoughts for the systems engineering professionals are proposed. © Copyright (2015) by the American Helicopter Society International All rights reserved.
A university Nano satellite for student international cooperation through hands-on education. IKUNS (Italian Kenyan University Nano Satellite) is a student project developed in the framework of the ASI (Agenzia Spaziale Italiana) - "La Sapienza - University of Rome" agreement for the management and activity at the Broglio Space Centre (BSC), in particular mainly involving S5LAB (Sapienza Space System and Space Surveillance Laboratory) of La Sapienza and University of Nairobi. The project goal is the design, development, testing and operation of a 6U Cubesat for Earth observation in visual band, partially based on the use of COTS (Commercial Off The Shelf) devices, trading off between minimum cost and reliability. The feasibility study of this satellite was conducted as a part of the Spacecraft Design course, taught in the Space and Astronautical Engineering MSc Course, at Faculty Sapienza University of Rome. The course provides the basis for the design of a spacecraft, including integrated design methodologies and international standard. All the phases of spacecraft design were analyzed, from mission conceptual design to the spacecraft architecture definition and subsystems preliminary design, realization procedures, up to ground testing and qualification for launch. One of the major students opportunities offered by this project is the possibility to work in ASI Concurrent Engineering Facility (CEF). This facility provides an environment and tools to support a group of experts in different disciplines to exploit a space mission feasibility study (Phase 0 and Phase A) within few weeks. Each student team composed by two or three students managed a different disciplines: System, Mission analysis, Payload, Attitude Determination and Control System, On Board Data Handling, Configuration and Structure, Telemetry Tracking and Command, Ground Segment, Power, Thermal, Costs, Risks and Programming. The first sessions were used for the identification of the spacecraft requirements, while the subsequent dimensioning was performed by iterative process, until a convergence to a preliminary configuration. The paper describes the project and the achieved results, thanks to the concurrent engineering approach integrated in a university course, that guarantees an innovative method: students can acquire an overview of the entire satellite and comprehend how a real project works, increasing their cooperative skills, learning from each other. © © 2016 the Authors. Published by the IAF with permission and released to the IAF to publish in all forms.
A user profile based medical recommendation system. With the rapidly development of Internet, online medical platform has become an essential part of medicines trade. In order to help users quickly find satisfying products in a large number of commodities, the recommendation system has been proposed. The traditional recommendation algorithm usually only takes the user-item rating into consideration, which leads low accurate of prediction. In this paper, we propose a user profile based recommendation method, which uses deep learning to analyze user behavior and construct user multi-dimensional attribute features. user profile can be constructed by analyzing information of drugs. By analyzing the historical information of user’s action, including purchasing, browsing, and collecting, we can dynamically predict rating of user on drug by a trained neural network. The experimental verification on B2B medical platform shows that the accuracy of prediction is higher than other algorithms. The proposed system can not only improve user experience, but also increase the sales of the platform. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
ACM International Conference Proceeding Series. The proceedings contain 24 papers. The topics discussed include: a systematic literature review on combining ontology with Bayesian network to support logical and probabilistic reasoning; real-time analysis and visualization for big data of energy consumption; combining word order and CNN-LSTM for sentence sentiment classification; emotion classification of Duterte administration tweets using hybrid approach; a comparative study: different automatic approaches of stars generation for reviews; tree structure for expressive MapReduce framework; mobile travel apps' adoption: integrating perceived characteristics of innovation and software quality; a comprehensive investigation of model driven architecture (MDA) for reverse engineering; an aspect oriented approach for supporting house bookkeeping software design; empirical study on software bug prediction; a feature-oriented domain design approach to FX derivatives trading system; evaluating usability for mobile application: a MAUEM approach; the effect of sizes of the feature sets on intrusion detection performances; beyond cybersecurity awareness: antecedents and satisfaction; online community support for the marketing of cosmetic medicine; research on potential damage estimation of household appliances based on gcForest model; a comparison of teachers' supportive behaviour in middle high school classroom in Taiwan, Shanghai-China, and Finland: evidence from PISA 2012; and targeting algorithm based on ITSM.
AI-Driven Dynamic Workload Balancing for Real-Time Applications on Cloud Infrastructure. The specification provides a new, resource-efficient method of Dynamic Workload Balancing in AI-driven Real-time Applications over Cloud Infrastructure. The real-time application keeps processing data at high speeds, and it is too difficult to get or make this type of arrangement using our traditional cloud setups as the system employs artificial intelligence methods to responsively reallocate resources between virtual machines by the required Quality of Service (QoS) levels and capacity requirements. It efficiently schedules jobs to available resources and delivers results promptly, which is necessary for real-time applications like video processing or stock trading. It uses machine learning models based on historical data to predict the resources required for upcoming tasks. These predictions are subsequently utilized to smartly assign resources across VMs, factoring in network latencies and inter-dependence. It allows the system to modify queues in real-time according to changes in workload patterns, performing a dynamic load balancing. © 2025 IEEE.
AI-Powered Investment Advisor: Enhancing Financial Decisions with NLP and Predictive Analytics. The rapid advancements in artificial intelligence (AI) have revolutionized financial investment strategies, offering individual investors innovative tools to optimize decision-making. This study introduces a web-based platform that integrates natural language processing (NLP) and predictive analytics to support investors in making data-driven decisions. The system incorporates an NLP-powered chatbot for real-time investment advice and a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model for precise stock price forecasting. By combining these technologies, the platform simplifies complex investment processes, aiming to improve financial outcomes for users. While the solution demonstrates significant potential in enhancing investment strategies, challenges such as suboptimal model performance and chatbot inaccuracies underscore the need for further development. Addressing these limitations will be critical to ensuring reliability and user satisfaction. This study emphasizes the transformative role of AI in personal finance optimization, paving the way for sustainable financial growth and greater accessibility to advanced investment resources. Future work will enhance model accuracy and refine chatbot interactions to deliver a seamless and integrated user experience. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
ANALYSING TRADING STRATEGIES AND FORECASTING STOCK PRICES USING LSTM. Algorithmic Stock Trading has been legalized in India since 2008, with SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) regulating the norms governing the same. Earlier, regulations restricted third-party algorithms to be used in circulation with APIs (Application Programming Interface), as these were unregulated by registered brokerages. Owing to the COVID19 pandemic, SEBI relaxed these underlying norms, easing up both algorithm usage for an end-user, as well as the number of trade orders that can be placed per second (which went up from 20 to 120). This article aims to analyze optimal trading strategies for various stocks using both classic mathematical techniques and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN). Stock prices will be forecasted using data analytics implementing indicators like supertrend and VWAP and machine learning models like LSTM. Upon fine-tuning parameters in both approaches, trend directions and triggers will be plotted (in the case of existing indicators and strategies) and predictions with trade triggers (in the case of LSTM). Furthermore, stocks will be categorized by trading techniques - growth, momentum, and value and further the best strategy with the expected profit percentage in each case will be identified. © 2022 Little Lion Scientific.
ASSESSMENT OF VARIOUS FACTORS AFFECTING ECONOMIC INDICATORS IN PROSUMER AND CONSUMER ENERGY COMMUNITIES: A CASE STUDY OF LATVIA. This study explores the recent legislative changes allowing prosumers and consumers in Latvia to form energy communities (EnCs). In spite of legal advancements, the absence of supporting regulations and potential barriers, such as the lack of tailored support schemes and forecasting tools, pose challenges. International experiences highlight additional hurdles, including weak stakeholder dialogue and limited EnC modelling tools. To address these issues, the study proposes a prosumer and consumer EnC business model aligned with Latvia’s legislation, emphasising a peer-to-peer (P2P) trading approach. The model incorporates state aid, electricity trader responsibilities, and reinvestment of EnC profits, eliminating the need for a dedicated trading platform. The study introduces a user-friendly planning tool in MS Excel, evaluating economic viability through case studies and scenarios. Findings emphasise the optimisation of EnC effectiveness by adjusting tariffs, minimising initial investment costs, securing external funding, and managing loan durations. The planning tool serves as a universal instrument, offering insights into individual EnC economic indicators based on their unique characteristics. The research provides valuable guidance to stakeholders and policymakers in Latvia’s evolving energy landscape. © 2024 Sciendo. All rights reserved.
AVI 2020 Workshop on Road Mapping Infrastructures for Artificial Intelligence Supporting Advanced Visual Big Data Analysis, AVI-BDA 2020 and 2nd Italian Workshop on Visualization and Visual Analytics, ITAVIS 2020. The proceedings contain 14 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Road Mapping Infrastructures for Artificial Intelligence Supporting Advanced Visual Big Data Analysis. The topics include: An Experience on Cooperative Development of Interactive Visualizations for the Analysis of Urban Data; Explaining AI Through Critical Reflection Artifacts: On the Role of Communication Design Within XAI; Information Visualization and Visual Analytics at IVU Lab; visual Analytics for Financial Crime Detection at the University of Perugia; a Visual Analytics Technique to Compare the Performance of Predictive Models; affective Analytics and Visualization for Ensemble Event-Driven Stock Market Forecasting; understanding the Role of (Advanced) Machine Learning in Metagenomic Workflows; intelligent Advanced User Interfaces for Monitoring Mental Health Wellbeing; Towards Explainable Artificial Intelligence and Explanation User Interfaces to Open the ‘Black Box’ of Automated ECG Interpretation; recognition and Visualization of Facial Expression and Emotion in Healthcare; machine Learning in Healthcare: Breast Cancer and Diabetes Cases; AI2VIS4BigData: Qualitative Evaluation of an AI-Based Big Data Analysis and Visualization Reference Model.
Advanced Stock Prediction with Amazon Cloud. For precise stock price forecasts, sophisticated methods are required due to the financial market's volatility and massive data inflow. The research offers a scalable, secure, and effective end-to-end stock prediction system that makes use of Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud resources. The system incorporates six essential AWS services: AWS Lambda, Amazon SageMaker, Amazon API Gateway, Amazon S3, Amazon CloudWatch, and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)-all of which make use of machine learning and serverless computing. The core component of the design is a prediction model that uses XGBoost and is hosted on Amazon SageMaker. Model is 'trained using historical stock data. The computational layer is A WS Lambda, which communicates with SageMaker to trigger predictions in real time. While Amazon S3 guarantees dependable storage for datasets and model outputs, Amazon API Gateway offers a safe and convenient REST API for client interactions. Amazon CloudWatch is used to manage system monitoring and performance data, while A WS IAM provides strong access control. Underpinned by SageMaker's managed capabilities for model training and deployment, the research work uses cutting-edge machine learning approaches for trend analysis and prediction. With serverless computing allowing for dynamic scalability to accommodate varying workloads in financial markets, this system is built to handle real-time inference demands. The study shows how cloud-based infrastructure may simplify financial analytics by fusing accurate real-time predictions with economical resource management with this AWS-driven solution. Financial institutions, researchers, and traders may all benefit from this scalable and dependable architecture, which offers practical insights to help them deal with the intricacies of the stock market. © 2025 IEEE.
AgroShare: a system for sharing and trading agricultural resources. Context: In Brazil, agricultural activity is a factor of extreme importance for the socio-economic scenario. Problem: In the context of Brazil, where wealth is concentrated among a minority, small and medium-scale producers encounter a multitude of challenges and constraints that impede both expansion and the adoption of digital technologies on rural properties. Within this scenario, the procurement of essential agricultural resources, such as machinery, skilled labor, and the implementation of modern methodologies and techniques for crops and livestock, faces neglect or rejection due to constrained financial means. Proposed Solution: The goal of this project is to propose a system, called AgroShare, for the sharing and trade of agricultural resources among rural producers. SI Theory: A solution to these challenges is to change the way of negotiating and sharing resources in the field, applying methodologies already used in other scenarios such as Uber and Airbnb. Method: Analyses of works available in the literature allowed the modeling and development of AgroShare using technologies such as React Native, JavaScript XML and Firebase. Summarization of Results: An application was modeled and developed considering studies available in the literature. Analyses with stakeholders and normal users showed the developed application supplies its proposal. Contributions and Impact in the SI Field: AgroShare seamlessly aligns with the present socioeconomic and technological landscape of the country, characterized by the growing prevalence of human-computer interaction across diverse social strata. Moreover, it fosters connections in the pursuit of digitizing agricultural practices, aligning with the principles outlined by Smart Farms within the realm of the Internet of Things (IoT). © 2024 ACM.
Algo-Powered Banking: Enhancing Investment Decisions Through Machine Learning. Algo-Powered Banking revolutionizes the finance and investment landscape by seamlessly blending machine learning (ML) and algorithmic trading (AT). In a rapidly changing financial world, traditional strategies often fall short. This project addresses this by harnessing ML’s power to analyze vast financial data, predict market trends, and offer timely insights. It combines this with AT to automate trading, sidestepping emotional biases. The platform offers personalized investment recommendations, real-time market monitoring, risk assessment tools, and customizable trading strategies through user-friendly interfaces. Its innovation lies in fusing ML-driven predictive analytics and algorithmic trading, aiming to enhance investment outcomes, portfolio performance, and user confidence in financial markets. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024.
Algorithm Trading through Application Programming Interface (API) in Indian Stock Market. Algorithmic Trading (AT) is a process to execute orders using automated and preprogrammed trading instruction by using Price, Timing and Volume as a variable. Algorithms are designed by approved vendors which work on past data for achieving set objectives. A human emotion free decision taken through ATs. AT came in India in 2008, initially institutional investors started trading with AT, retail investors adopted AT in last couple of years. Indian stock market regulator SEBI trying to protect investors from harms of AT. In recent past SEBI has also released a consultation paper on algorithmic trading by retail investors dated on Dec 19, 2021.This study is examining the current status and strategic analysis of algorithm trading w.r.t to Application Programming (API) algorithm trading in Indian stock market. This study will be useful for all investors using AT or planning to use AT. It will also be helpful for policy makers to frame futuristic policies on algorithmic trading. © 2023 IEEE.
Algorithmic Crypto Trading using EMA Strategy. Algorithmic trading has transformed financial markets by enabling data-driven strategies that enhance efficiency and decision-making. This paper presents a web-based crypto currency trading platform that employs the Exponential Moving Average (EMA) strategy for automated trade execution, market trend analysis, and portfolio tracking. The platform integrates key performance metrics, including win rate, average profit per trade, risk-reward ratio, and profit factor to assess trading effectiveness. Notably, EMA-based trading achieves the highest profit factor of 3.5 which outperformed deep learning and manual trading by 9.37% and 133%, respectively. Additionally, EMA exhibits a strong win rate of 60%, compared to 65% for deep learning and 40% for manual trading, while maintaining a balanced risk-reward ratio of 2.2. The system features live data visualization, customizable watchlists, and automated trading workflows, providing traders with actionable insights with minimized human error. Performance evaluation indicates that EMA offers a superior trade-off between profitability and risk management, making it a robust and adaptable solution for navigating cryptocurrency markets. This work bridges the gap between manual trading and advanced algorithmic strategies, delivering a user-friendly and efficient trading framework. © 2025 IEEE.
Algorithmic Trading Bot Using Reinforcement Learning. Algorithmic trading, driven by predefined rules and algorithms, has revolutionized financial markets. This study presents an innovative Algorithmic Trading Bot that integrates user-defined strategies with proprietary algorithms, utilizing machine learning techniques like Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) for dynamic adaptation to diverse market conditions. The Bot addresses manual trading limitations by automating strategy execution based on timing, value, quantity, and mathematical models. It capitalizes on lucrative opportunities rapidly while mitigating the impact of human emotions on trading decisions, aiming to provide an effective solution for challenges in manual trading. The inclusion of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) ensures seamless connectivity between the Bot and financial platforms, facilitating efficient data retrieval and trade execution. This project envisions substantial profits for organizations and individuals, providing a cutting-edge solution that maximizes trading efficiency and profitability with minimal manual intervention. © 2025 Author(s)
Allure of Aesthetics in Immediate Buying: Exploring the Role of Innovative UI Designs in Online Market. As India is embracing 5G technology, which has fuelled the growth of e-markets in India. This research aims to understand the role of user interface design aesthetics on immediate buying from online markets. SOR Model was adopted in this study, consisting of four constructs: Visual Attractiveness, Navigational Structure, Perceived Ease of Use and Model Display as Stimulus, Perceived enjoyment as Organism and E-Impulsive buying as response. The data was collected via Questionnaire and purposive sampling from 326 Indian market online shoppers. The relationship was examined between constructs through SEM SMARTPLS. The results indicated positive relationship between Visual attractiveness and perceived enjoyment [β=00.695, p=00.00], Navigational structure and perceived enjoyment [β=00.542, p=00.00], Perceived Ease of Use and perceived enjoyment [β=00.221, p=00.024], perceived enjoyment and e-impulsive buying [β =00.831, p=00.00]. The insights of this study can be used by e-businesses and user interface designers to aesthetically design their interfaces. © 2025 IEEE.
American Helicopter Society International - Systems Engineering Technical Specialists' Meeting on Managing Conflicting Requirements 2015. The proceedings contain 13 papers. The topics discussed include: closing the gap between capability and affordability for system upgrades and major-modifications; rotorcraft applications of life-cycle cost models incorporating reliability; rotorcraft tradespace exploration considering cost and availability; sizing and synthesis approach for a hybrid unmanned VTOL system; a systems engineering approach to trading conflicting requirements; a development assurance value-based acquisition (DAVBA) model to address identified current systems engineering topics of particular interest; risk management and technology considerations in rotorcraft product development; national networked resource for systems research; and enabling flexible design of unmanned aerial vehicles by networked-based analysis of modular system.
An Adaptive Application Framework with Customizable Quality Metrics. Many embedded environments require applications to produce outcomes under different, potentially changing, resource constraints. Relaxing application semantics through approximations enables trading off resource usage for outcome quality. Although quality is a highly subjective notion, previous work assumes given, fixed low-level quality metrics that often lack a strong correlation to a user's higher-level quality experience. Users may also change their minds with respect to their quality expectations depending on the resource budgets they are willing to dedicate to an execution. This motivates the need for an adaptive application framework where users provide execution budgets and a customized quality notion. This article presents a novel adaptive program graph representation that enables user-level, customizable quality based on basic quality aspects defined by application developers. Developers also define application configuration spaces, with possible customization to eliminate undesirable configurations. At runtime, the graph enables the dynamic selection of the configuration with maximal customized quality within the user-provided resource budget.An adaptive application framework based on our novel graph representation has been implemented on Android and Linux platforms and evaluated on eight benchmark programs, four with fully customizable quality. Using custom quality instead of the default quality, users may improve their subjective quality experience value by up to 3.59×, with 1.76× on average under different resource constraints. Developers are able to exploit their application structure knowledge to define configuration spaces that are on average 68.7% smaller as compared to existing, structure-oblivious approaches. The overhead of dynamic reconfiguration averages less than 1.84% of the overall application execution time. © 2021 Association for Computing Machinery.
An Agent-Based Model to Study Informational Cascades in Financial Markets. The purpose of this paper is to build an agent-based model which is adapted to study the information cascades in financial markets. Thus, we design and implement a model with asynchronous continuous-time management, populated by heterogeneous traders, connected by an interaction network with directed and weighted edges, which allows them to observe and learn about the actions of their peers. The proposed model relaxes unrealistic assumptions of previous analytical models, particularly, homogeneity of traders and access to all previous decisions (full network). Therefore, the proposed model allows to study the impact of different factors in the emergence and magnitude of information cascades: mainly, the impact of the heterogeneity of traders behaviours and characteristics of the interaction network. Moreover, unlike analytical models which focus only on how information cascades occur, the proposed model allows studying the impact of information cascades on the price dynamics. Then, we use the model to perform a series of experiments to investigate the impact of various factors in the formation and magnitude of information cascades. The obtained results show in particular that informational cascades only occur when the market is dominated by an overwhelming majority of traders who have significant uncertainty in their own signals. This shows the benefit of designing policies to reduce uncertainty among investors to avoid informational cascades, whether by financial regulatory authorities or by companies with high degrees of information uncertainty. © 2021, Ohmsha, Ltd. and Springer Japan KK, part of Springer Nature.
An Analysis on Cost and Income Prediction System Using Multiple Linear Regression and Business Intelligence for Entrepreneur in Fruit Crop. This paper presents a cost and income forecast system that includes multiple linear regression models and business intelligence (BI) tools and is tailored particularly for fruit crop entrepreneurs. In the fruit crop farming sector, controlling expenses and projecting revenue may be extremely difficult for entrepreneurs. These challenges arise due to the complex and variable nature of agricultural production, market fluctuations, weather conditions, and other external factors. The major purpose is to deliver a comprehensive solution that improves decision-making by accurately estimating production costs and prospective income. Historical data on production costs, market prices, crop yields, weather conditions, and soil quality were gathered, pre-processed, and examined. Important factors were found through exploratory data analysis and included in the regression models. Variables include TSP fertilizer, NPK fertilizer, processed organic fertilizer, GML fertilizer, herbicides (basta), insecticides (Malathion 57), and output(kg). The income prediction model considers factors like crop yield, market price, and harvest quality. To guarantee their correctness and dependability, both models underwent extensive training and evaluation using measures like R-squared, mean absolute error (MAE), and root mean squared error (RMSE). Apart from predictive analytics, BI technologies were used to provide interactive data visualization, trend analysis, and reporting. These technologies help entrepreneurs get meaningful insights from data, improving strategic planning and informed decision-making. The solution provides a user-friendly interface via which business owners can enter essential data and receive real-time BI insights and projections. By providing fruit crop entrepreneurs with cutting-edge analytical tools and useful information, this integrated strategy hopes to improve financial results and promote sustainable business practices. © 2024 IEEE.
An Asynchronous Double Auction Market to Study the Formation of Financial Bubbles and Crashes. Stock market is a complex system composed from heterogeneous traders with highly non-linear interactions from which emerge a phenomenon of speculative bubble. To understand the role of heterogeneous behaviors of traders and interactions between them in the emergence of bubbles, we propose an agent-based model of double auction market, with asynchronous time management, where traders act asynchronously and take different times to make decisions. The market is populated by heterogeneous traders. In addition to fundamentalist, noise, and technical (chartist) traders, we propose a hybrid trader, which can switch between technical (chartist) and fundamentalist strategies integrating panicking behavior. We find that when market is populated by a majority of hybrid traders, we observe quite realistic bubble formation characterized by a boom phase when hybrid traders switch to technical behavior, followed by a relatively shorter burst phase when hybrid traders return to fundamentalist strategy and change to panicked state. The aim is to design agents which act asynchronously, with simple behaviors, but complex enough to produce realistic price dynamics, which provide a basis for developing agents with sophisticated decision-making processes. © 2017, Ohmsha, Ltd. and Springer Japan.
An Auto-Coupon Framework for Advertiser Retention in Online Advertising. The online advertising platform serves as the intermediary between advertisers and users to facilitate the product trading process and generate profits. While the vitality of both the user and advertiser community is crucial to the long-term development of platforms, compared with the enduring efforts to improve user experience, little attention has been given to methods for attracting or retaining advertisers. To address this oversight, in this work, we investigate the first intelligent solution to the advertiser retention problem in online advertising. Motivated by advertiser surveys and data analytics, we first define a set of short-term ad performance metrics as the key retention metrics we need to optimize for advertisers. In consideration of the desirable properties of a retention framework, we propose an Auto-Coupon module to distribute impression-level virtual coupons to selected advertisers during the bidding process. We decompose the resulted retention optimization problem into two stages, and adopt feedback control as well as reinforcement learning methods to realize personalized coupon distribution. The offline experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods in boosting the ad performance of churning advertisers, and the large-scale online A/B test further justifies the improvement in advertisers' willingness to stay in the platform. © 2025 ACM.
An Automated Design Flow for Adaptive Neural Network Hardware Accelerators. Image and video processing are one of the main driving application fields for the latest technology advancement of computing platforms, especially considering the adoption of neural networks for classification purposes. With the advent of Cyber Physical Systems, the design of devices for efficiently executing such applications became more challenging, due to the increase of the requirements to be considered, of the functionalities to be supported, as well as to the demand for adaptivity and connectivity. Heterogeneous computing and design automation are then turning into essential. The former guarantees a variegated set of features under strict constraints (e.g., by adopting hardware acceleration), and the latter limits development time and cost (e.g., by exploiting model-based design). In this context, the literature is still lacking adequate tooling for the design and management of neural network hardware accelerators, which can be adaptable and customizable at runtime according to the user needs. In this work, a novel almost automated toolchain based on the Open Neural Network eXchange format is presented, allowing the user to shape adaptivity right on the network model and to deploy it on a runtime reconfigurable accelerator. As a proof of concept, a Convolutional Neural Network for human/animal classification is adopted to derive a Field Programmable Gate Array accelerator capable of trading execution time for power by changing the resources involved in the computation. The resulting accelerator, when necessary, can consume 30% less power on each layer, taking about overall 8% more time to classify an image. © 2023, The Author(s).
An Innovative Approach for Stock Market Analysis: Samriddhi Sanket. This application serves as a user-friendly platform for stock market analysis and forecasting. Upon landing on the home page, users can register or login to access the user dashboards. The core feature allows users to select a stock from a dropdown menu, displaying its historical performance graphically. Users can input a number of days of forecasting, and the app will generate a predictive plot or numerical values accordingly, aiding in informed financial decision-making. Through an intuitive interface, the application blends historical data visualization and predictive analytics to cater to individual stock market analysis needs. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
An Integrated Study of User Acceptance and Resistance on Voice Commerce. Virtual assistants are becoming significant in the area of voice commerce. Voice commerce creates an environment where orders and payments can be done through voice recognition, increasing its accessibility in comparison to other existing commercial transaction methods. Thus, the field is expected to grow into a promising industry. However, the full bloom of voice commerce depends on user acceptance, as well as technological improvement. This study develops a conceptual framework to describe factors influencing user acceptance to voice commerce, which are analyzed with the structural equation model by combining the technology acceptance model (TAM) and the model of innovation resistance (MIR). With accuracy, social presence, and interactivity of a virtual assistant, along with user attributes such as user innovativeness and experience, as variables, a survey of 151 Koreans in their 20s and 30s is conducted. Moreover, the impact of three factors, relative advantage, perceived ease of use, and perceived risk, on innovation acceptance and resistance is analyzed to find key variables that affect the resistance to and acceptance of voice commerce. These findings provide notable implications to companies currently using voice commerce platforms and guidance to an emerging commercial trading system. © 2022 World Scientific Publishing Company.
An Investment Recommender Multi-agent System in Financial Technology. In this article is presented a review of the state of the art on Financial Technology (Fintech) for the design of a novel recommender system. A social computing platform is proposed, based on Virtual Organizations (VOs), that allows to improve user experience in actions that is associated with the process of investment recommendation. The work presents agents functionalities and an algorithm that will improve the accuracy of the Recommender_agent which is in charge of the Case-based reasoning (CBR) system. The data that will be collected and will feed the CBR corresponds to user’s characteristics, the asset classes, profitability, interest rate, history stock market information and financial news published in the media. © 2019, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.
An artificial stock market with interactions network and mimetic agents. Agent-based artificial stock markets attracted much attention over the last years, and many models have been proposed. However, among them, few models take into account the social interactions and mimicking behaviour of traders, while the economic literature describes investors on financial markets as influenced by decisions of their peers and explains that this mimicking behaviour has a decisive impact on price dynamics and market stability. In this paper we propose a continuous double auction model of financial market, populated by heterogeneous traders who interact through a social network of influence. Traders use different investment strategies, namely: Fundamentalists who make a decisions based on the fundamental value of assets; hybrids who are initially fundamentalists, but switch to a speculative strategy when they detect an uptrend in prices; noise traders who don't have sufficient information to take rational decisions, and finally mimetic traders who imitate the decisions of their mentors on the interactions network. An experimental design is performed to show the feasibility and utility of the proposed model. © 2017 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda.
An improved platform for multi-agent based stock market simulation in distributed environment. Multi-agent based simulation has been widely used in behavior finance, and several single-processed simulation platforms with Agent-Based Modeling (ABM) have been proposed. However, traditional simulations of stock markets on single processed computers are limited by the computing capability since financial researchers need larger and larger number of agents and more and more rounds to evolve agents' intelligence and get more efficient data. This paper introduces a distributed multi-agent simulation platform, named PSSPAM, for stock market simulation focusing on large scale of parallel agents, communication system and simulation scheduling. A logical architecture for distributed artificial stock market simulation is proposed, containing four loosely coupled modules: agent module, market module, communication system and user interface. With the customizable trading strategies inside, agents are deployed to multiple computing nodes. Agents exchange messages with each other and with the market based on a customizable network topology through a uniform communication system. With a large number of agent threads, the round scheduling strategy is used during the simulation, and a worker pool is applied in the market module. Financial researchers can design their own financial models and run the simulation through the user interface, without caring about the complexity of parallelization and related problems. Two groups of experiments are conducted, one with internal communication between agents and the other without communication between agents, to verify PSSPAM to be compatible with the data from Euronext-NYSE. And the platform shows fair scalability and performance under different parallelism configurations. © © 2015 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers.
An integrated analysis of consumer purchase decision-making on second-hand trading platforms: evidence from China. In the context of circular economy and sustainable development, second-hand trading platforms are in the preliminary stages of development, revealing the consumer behavior of second-hand trading platform consumers has become a challenging topic. Previous studies have often used technology acceptance models to analyze consumers’ acceptance of electronic commerce platform technologies. However, these studies have not analyzed consumer purchase decision-making well, lacked affective explanations of the logic of consumer decisions, and lacked discussions of multiple stakeholders. Therefore, this study proposes a comprehensive framework model for consumer decision making on second-hand trading platforms. We analyzed consumer purchase decision process, identified three key dimensions eight factors. Through a combination of the ABC attitude model and the technology acceptance model, we sorted out a hypothetical model consisting of cognitive, affective, and behavioral. Then, we validated and analyzed the empirical results in China using the partial least squares structural equation technique. The findings underscore the significant impact of product and platform dimensions on consumer sentiment and behavior. Theoretically, this study advances the understanding of consumer decision-making in the context of second-hand platforms, particularly within the framework of the circular economy. Practically, it offers actionable insights for merchants and platform operators to enhance user experience and service quality, thereby supporting the sustainable growth of e-commerce. © 2024 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
An unsupervised strategy for defending against multifarious reputation attacks. In electronic markets, malicious sellers often employ reviewers to carry out different types of attacks to improve their own reputations or destroy their opponents’ reputations. As such attacks may involve deception, collusion, and complex strategies, maintaining the robustness of reputation evaluation systems remains a challenging problem. From a platform manager’s view, no trader can be taken as a trustable benchmark for reference, therefore, accurate filtration of dishonest sellers and fraud reviewers and precise presentation of users’ reputations remains a challenging problem. Based on impression theory, this paper presents an unsupervised strategy, which first design a nearest neighbor search algorithm to select some typical lenient reviewers and strict reviewers. Then, based on these selected reviewers and the behavior expectation theory in impression theory, this paper adopts a classification algorithm that pre-classify sellers into honest and dishonest ones. Thirdly, another classification algorithm is designed to classify reviewers (i.e., buyers) into honest, dishonest, and uncertain ones according to their trading experiences with the pre-classified sellers. Finally, based on the ratings of various reviewers, this paper proposes a formula to estimate seller reputations. We further designed two general sets of experiments over simulated data and real data to evaluate our scheme, which demonstrate that our unsupervised scheme outperforms benchmark strategies in accurately estimating seller reputations. In particular, this strategy can robustly defend against various common attacks and unknown attacks. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Analysis and Visualization of Stock Data Based on LSTM Neural Networks. This paper explores the analysis and visualization of stock data based on LSTM neural networks. Taking Ping An Bank's stock data from January 1, 2020, to April 30, 2024, as a case study. Through data acquisition, visualization analysis, correlation analysis, data processing, and modeling, the prediction problem of stock closing prices is explored. In the model construction, the Pandas library in Python is used for data processing and visualization, and the Keras interface in TensorFlow is used to implement the LSTM neural network model. By comparing the prediction accuracy of SGD and Adam optimization algorithms under different learning rates through experiments, and analyzing their performance and stability in depth, the results show that the LSTM neural network model optimized by Adam algorithm with a learning rate of 0.001 has higher prediction accuracy. This discovery can provide certain reference value for the prediction of stock market closing prices. © 2024 ACM.
Analysis and practice of intelligent cross-border commodity trading platform. In recent years, with the rapid development of information technology and the promotion of emerging media, e-commerce has risen rapidly. As a new business model, e-commerce has broken the shackles of time and space, and has promoted the trade links between countries. As a big trading country, the development of cross-border e-commerce has greatly promoted the import and export trade in China. Cross border e-commerce is a kind of trade behavior in which different customs entities, through the information network technology means of Internet platform, achieve commodity trading and online transaction for the purpose of commodity exchange. We analyze and simulate the intelligent cross-border commodity trading platform "Columbia"and analyze the preliminary products. "Columbia"has realized an intelligent cross-border commodity trading platform with innovative mode, providing a one-stop intelligent e-commerce solution from source development, procurement, quality inspection, inventory management, warehousing management, order processing to global logistics distribution, promoting import and export trade, balancing the benefits of brands and borrowers, and reducing the risks of both sides. Through practice, we come to the conclusion that the intelligent cross-border commodity trading platform is an inevitable trend of cross-border e-commerce. On the basis of a rich collection of commodities, it can provide the best cross-border shopping experience for the majority of users around the world. Additional Keywords and Phrases: cross-border e-commerce, Intelligent, cloud computing, SWOT analysis © 2021 ACM.
Analysis of technical and regulational aspects affecting China CBM progresses; 影响中国煤层气产业发展的技术和非技术要素分析. Currently, there are some problems in the China CBM industry, such as "low success rate of well con-struction", "less than half production qualified to designed capacity", and "little percentage of reserve discovery to total gas-in-place". Due to these poor performances, the growth of annual CBM production in China has come to a standstill for years. Analysis of what contributes to this situation shows three attributions, i. e. "lack of theoretical guidance on stress-gas development", "inappropriate industrial requirements leading to ineffective E&P activities", and "poorly-performed incentive regulations neglecting the growth of service capability and innovations". Based on the characteristics of China CBM resources, a "4-element geology model" comprised of "coal-water-rock-gas", is built according to the "3-fields"(pressure+stress+temperature) which play the most important role for CBM reserverization in geology process. By identifying the major routes of such dynamic processes, an engineering model of "dual-cycle" of pressure and stress release is established to put the four types of CBM reserves in the four quadrants of a pressure-stress coordinate system. Matches of engineering design with the most suitable technologies are advised interpreting how gas is deconstructed from the "soluids (solid+fluid)" complexity of 4-elements, according to which axis of the coordinate system dominating the reservoir occurrence. In regards to the non-technical aspects of E&P onsite organizations, it is pointed out that seeking an unduly low-cost of well construction instead of pursuing best well-performances in terms of cost-output is one of the most destructive habits adversely affecting the industry. The regulation issued by the government, requiring strict stage by stage authorization from exploration to development, takes the second responsibility to both poor reserve registry quality and bad well deliverability. An approach of "progressive exploration and development" is strongly recommended. Finally, an all calibre retrospection is to check what the governmental incentives issued in the past 30 years work best to boost the industry. It is found that there are two major issues heavily restricting the extension of the industry chain. The one is the low frequency of mining right trading deteriorated by poor data shares, the other is incentives never apply to the service portion of the industry chain, which leads to almost no technical invention to meet some case-specific reservoir development requirements. A strategy of restructuring incentive package and encouraging mining right trading are accordingly suggested. © 2021, Editorial Office of Journal of China Coal Society. All right reserved.
Analysis on Stock Market Stream Data Using Kafka, AWS and PowerBI. Real-time data analysis is becoming increasingly important, as it allows businesses to act quickly and with greater decision accuracy. Traditionally, data analysis occurs after data has been collected and saved, but real-time data analysis provides an opportunity for businesses to extract valuable insights from data as it’s generated. A streaming platform like Kafka is necessary to handle the constant intake of data in a systematic and efficient way, and to build data pipelines that reliably integrate and transfer information between platforms. Cloud computing services like AWS S3, AWS Crawler, AWS Glue Data Catalog, and AWS Athena can be used in conjunction with Kafka to process and analyze the data. This framework is useful for processing real-time data in various sectors, such as the Stock market, e-commerce applications, gaming, and more, and extracting useful features and hidden patterns. Machine learning models can also be trained on the data for better analysis and decision-making.To enhance this framework, it’s important to integrate various cloud computing services with Kafka more seamlessly to better handle large-scale data. Additionally, real-time data visualization tools could help generate insights and provide interactive feedback on data streams. The incorporation of predictive analytics capabilities and intelligent, data-driven decision-making processes could help businesses make more informed decisions. By integrating real-time data analysis with intelligent automation tools, human error can be reduced, and overall efficiency and effectiveness in the decision-making process can be improved. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
Analyzing User Experience in Indonesian Investment Platforms: a Hybrid Approach Using Sentiment Analysis and BERTopic Modeling. The Indonesian capital market has experienced significant growth, as indicated by the increasing number of Single Investor Identifications (SIDs). This study examines the sentiment experiences of users for five popular investment applications that have more than 1 million downloads-Ajaib, StockBit, IPOT, Bareksa, and Bibit. Using a rigorous approach, the research conducted sentiment analysis with two phase, first phase is training of Support Vector Machine, Naïve Bayes, Random Forest, and BERT on user reviews through manual labeling with three annotators. Phase two is to extend the research by scraping more data and conduct sentiment analysis with the highest performing model from phase one. The research revealed a slight positive sentiment (780 positive, 725 negative). Topic modelling with BERTopic also unfolds critical insights: positive sentiment focused on application ease of use, and investment accessibility; conversely, negative sentiments primarily centered on authentication difficulties, withdrawal process challenges, and verification issues. Fine-tuned IndoBERT achieve a superior performance, achieving 92% accuracy with 89% of F1-score in detecting negative sentiment. This study contributes valuable insights into the user experience of digital investment platforms in Indonesia, providing insight of what pain point that users usually encounter from the app. By addressing the existing research gap, our analysis offers a comprehensive understanding of sentiment in the popular Indonesian digital investment applications. © 2025 IEEE.
Animall: Slicing the Pie Vertically or Horizontally?. Animall, an innovative tech startup, has emerged as a transformative force in the Indian cattle trading market. Founded by Neetu Yadav and Brijendra Pratap Singh in 2019, Animall aims to modernize and streamline India’s traditionally fragmented and inefficient cattle trading industry. The platform leverages technology to connect farmers, traders, and buyers, providing a more transparent and efficient marketplace for cattle transactions. Cattle trading in India has been largely unorganized, with transactions often occurring through local markets or middlemen, leading to information asymmetry, lack of trust, and unfair pricing for farmers. Animall addresses these issues by offering a digital platform where users can buy and sell cattle more easily and confidently. The platform provides detailed information on cattle, including health records, breed information, and pricing, along with a user-friendly interface for transactions. It was March 6, 2024, and Kirti Jangra had just boarded a two-hour flight from Bengaluru, India’s Silicon Valley, to visit her parents in Haryana, the dairy farming belt of northern India. As she opened her laptop to review her company’s business plan, she contemplated the future of her company. Jangra created a cattle trading app called Animall in 2019. The app sought to improve outdated and inefficient trading systems in India’s cattle trading sector, which she was very familiar with, as her parents were dairy farmers themselves. Jangra’s engineering degree had given her the skills to create technological solutions for the dairy farming industry—her app had been downloaded by over 9.6 + million users, and its Net Promoter Score was over 65. And yet, Jangra felt dissatisfied with what she had achieved. Animall had merely solved the thinnest slice of the problem. Jangra realized that if dairy farmers could access functions such as finance, insurance, and veterinary support, through the app, their lives would improve significantly. She wanted to stay true to her original mission — facilitating and democratizing cattle trading in India — but also contemplated adding new business functions as verticals to the app in order to continue scaling up. She debated in her mind whether it made more business sense to expand horizontally instead, i.e., adding more kinds of livestock (such as goat, sheep, or poultry) to the current offering of cattle, thus reducing business risk. Time was running short as Animall had already completed five years, and a delayed decision could mean a lost opportunity for Jangra. © 2025 World Scientific Publishing Co. Asia Academy of Management.
Anomaly detection in complex trading systems. System availability is one of the major requirements expected from systems in the trading domain. In order to prevent system outages that can deteriorate system availability, anomaly detection must be able to assess the status of the system and detect anomalies that can lead to failures on a real-time basis. This paper presents a framework for anomaly detection for complex trading systems based on supervised learning approaches. Multiple feature reduction techniques were experimented with, in order to eliminate the noisy features that were initially derived from the system parameters. A classification technique based on Radial Basis Function (RBF) kernel Support Vector Machine (SVM) along with a feature selection technique built on a tree-based ensemble displayed the most promising results. © 2017 IEEE.
Application of LSTM Model based on Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm in Stock Market Trend Prediction. The stock index reflects the development of national economy and is a dynamic, complex, nonlinear system. Accurately predicting future trends in the stock market has important practical significance for regulators, investment institutions, and individuals. With the rapid development of machine learning and deep learning, using time series models, neural networks, machine learning algorithms and other models to predict future trends in the stock market has become a hot research topic. Although Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) network model has good memory characteristics and is suitable for predicting stock time series data, it lacks the ability to explain final decisions obtained by the model as well as being affected by human factors. Therefore, this study combines particle swarm optimization algorithm with LSTM model to take optimal position of particles as optimal parameters for LSTM neural network prediction of stock data in order to improve accuracy. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Application of blockchain technology in digital music copyright management: a case study of VNT chain platform. Introduction: This paper presents the design and development of a digital music copyright management system, built on the VNT Chain blockchain platform. The system aims to enhance copyright proof and evidence storage, verify the originality of music copyrights, and facilitate secure copyright transactions. Methods: The system leverages blockchain technology for data integrity and immutability, utilizes the Shazam algorithm to verify music originality, and employs smart contracts to secure transactions. It is composed of six functional modules: user management, copyright registration, copyright trading, infringement monitoring, evidence storage, and music ecology. The system uses blockchain, the InterPlanetary File System (IPFS), and MySQL to manage various business data requirements. Results: Experimental results show that the registration time for each music piece increased by approximately 1.9 s. Additionally, the average feature fingerprint data for each music piece stored on IPFS consumed about 8 MB, which aligns with the expected system performance criteria. Discussion: The system meets performance expectations, offering secure and efficient copyright registration and evidence storage. The use of blockchain and IPFS provides a scalable, reliable solution for managing digital music copyrights. © © 2025 Shi and Zhou.
Application of sample balance-based multi-perspective feature ensemble learning for prediction of user purchasing behaviors on mobile wireless network platforms. With the rapid development of wireless communication network, M-Commerce has achieved great success. Users leave a lot of historical behavior data when shopping on the M-Commerce platform. Using these data to predict future purchasing behaviors of the users will be of great significance for improving user experience and realizing mutual benefit and win-win result between merchant and user. Therefore, a sample balance-based multi-perspective feature ensemble learning was proposed in this study as the solution to predicting user purchasing behaviors, so as to acquire user’s historical purchasing behavioral data with sample balance. Influence feature of user purchasing behaviors was extracted from three perspectives—user, commodity and interaction, in order to further enrich the feature dimensions. Meanwhile, feature selection was carried out using XGBSFS algorithm. Large-scale real datasets were experimented on Alibaba M-Commerce platform. The experimental results show that the proposed method has achieved better prediction effect in various evaluation indexes such as precision and recall rate. © 2020, The Author(s).
Applications of Artificial Intelligence Algorithms in the Energy Sector. The digital transformation of the energy sector toward the Smart Grid paradigm, intelligent energy management, and distributed energy integration poses new requirements for computer science. Issues related to the automation of power grid management, multidimensional analysis of data generated in Smart Grids, and optimization of decision-making processes require urgent solutions. The article aims to analyze the use of selected artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms to support the abovementioned issues. In particular, machine learning methods, metaheuristic algorithms, and intelligent fuzzy inference systems were analyzed. Examples of the analyzed algorithms were tested in crucial domains of the energy sector. The study analyzed cybersecurity, Smart Grid management, energy saving, power loss minimization, fault diagnosis, and renewable energy sources. For each domain of the energy sector, specific engineering problems were defined, for which the use of artificial intelligence algorithms was analyzed. Research results indicate that AI algorithms can improve the processes of energy generation, distribution, storage, consumption, and trading. Based on conducted analyses, we defined open research challenges for the practical application of AI algorithms in critical domains of the energy sector. © 2022 by the authors.
Applications of automatic differentiation in topology optimization. The goal of this article is to demonstrate the applicability and to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of automatic differentiation in topology optimization. The technique makes it possible to wholly or partially automate the evaluation of derivatives for optimization problems and is demonstrated on two separate, previously published types of problems in topology optimization. Two separate software packages for automatic differentiation, CoDiPack and Tapenade are considered, and their performance and usability trade-offs are discussed and compared to a hand coded adjoint gradient evaluation process. Finally, the resulting optimization framework is verified by applying it to a non-trivial unsteady flow topology optimization problem. © 2017, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Applying performance patterns for requirements analysis. Performance as one of the critical quality requirements for the success of a software system must be integrated into software development from the beginning to prevent performance problems. Analyzing and modeling performance demands knowledge of performance experts and analysts. In order to integrate performance analysis into software analysis and design methods, performance-specific properties known as domain knowledge have to be identified, analyzed, and documented properly. In this paper, we propose the performance analysis method PoPeRA to guide the requirements engineer in dealing with performance problems as early as possible in requirements analysis. Our structured method provides support for identifying potential performance problems using performance-specific domain knowledge attached to the requirement models. To deal with identified performance problems, we make use of performance analysis patterns to be applied to the requirement models in the requirements engineering phase. To show the application of our approach, we illustrate it with the case study CoCoME, a trading system to be deployed in supermarkets for handling sales.
Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain and the Growth of Fintech Industry. Financial Technology, commonly known past decade, the FinTech landscape evolved rapidly, with startups and established institutions leveraging innovative solutions to address longstanding inefficiencies in banking, payments, insurance, investments, lending, and wealth management. Among the most groundbreaking technologies reshaping the FinTech industry are Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Blockchain, which have emerged as pivotal drivers of innovation and change. Assess creditworthiness more accurately and inclusively. This not only improves the precision of credit evaluations but also opens access to credit for underbanked and marginalized communities. AI is also extensively used in fraud detection and cybersecurity. Machine learning significantly enhancing user experience while reducing operational costs. Another significant application of AI lies in algorithmic trading and robo-advisory services. High-frequency trading platforms use AI These innovations democratize investment opportunities and offer affordable asset management options to retail investors. © 2026 by IGI Global Scientific Publishing. All rights reserved.
Artificial intelligence decision support system based on artificial neural networks to predict the commercialization time by the evolution of peach quality. Climacteric fruit such as peaches are stored in cold chambers after harvest and usually are maintained there until the desired ripening is reached to direct these fruit to market. Producers, food industries and or traders have difficulties in defining the period when fruit are at the highest level of quality desired by consumers in terms of the physical-chemical parameters (hardness –H–, soluble solids content –SSC–, and acidity –Ac–). The evolution of peach quality in terms of these parameters depends directly on storage temperature –T– and relative humidity –RH–, as well on the storage duration –t–. This paper describes an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Decision Support System (DSS) designed to predict the evolution of the quality of peaches, namely the storage time re-quired before commercialization as well as the late commercialization time. The peaches quality is stated in terms of the values of SSC, H and Ac that consumers most like for the storage T and RH. An Artificial neuronal network (ANN) is proposed to provide this prediction. The training and val-idation of the ANN were conducted with experimental data acquired in three different farmers’ cold storage facilities. A user interface was developed to provide an expedited and simple prediction of the marketable time of peaches, considering the storage temperature, relative humidity, and initial physical and chemical parameters. This AI DSS may help the vegetable sector (logistics and retailers), especially smaller neighborhood grocery stores, define the marketable period of fruit. It will contribute with advantages and benefits for all parties—producers, traders, retailers, and con-sumers—by being able to provide fruit at the highest quality and reducing waste in the process. In this sense, the ANN DSS proposed in this study contributes to new AI-based solutions for smart cities. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Artificial intelligence for algorithmic trading digital assets: evidence from the Counter-Strike 2 skin market. Introduction: The Counter-Strike 2 skin market has developed into a multi-billion-dollar digital asset ecosystem, characterized by high volatility, low liquidity, and pricing inefficiencies that differ substantially from traditional financial markets. Despite the growing economic relevance of virtual items, no previous study has systematically examined the use of artificial intelligence for skin trading. Methods: This work designs and evaluates an automated trading system that applies deep learning models, specifically Long Short-Term Memory networks and Neural Hierarchical Interpolation for Time Series, to forecast skin prices and guide trading decisions. A dataset of 12,000 unique skins from the Steam Market, covering the period from May 2024 to April 2025, was collected using the CSGOskins.gg application programming interface. To reflect real market conditions, the trading strategy incorporated the Steam Market restrictions of a seven-day minimum holding period and a ten percent transaction cost, and was benchmarked against a traditional buy-and-hold strategy. Backtesting was performed multiple time horizons of two, three, and 6 months. Portfolio selection was based on risk and return criteria, including a Sharpe ratio greater than one, a Sortino ratio greater than two, and a return on investment above five percent. Results: Artificial intelligence consistently outperforms buy-and-hold, particularly in smaller, more concentrated portfolios and over longer time horizons. For example, in 6-month simulations, artificial intelligence portfolios achieved returns approaching 20%, compared to 5% to 10% for buy-and-hold, with excess returns as high as 75% in small portfolios. Larger portfolios reduced absolute returns but improved risk-adjusted performance, confirming that diversification enhances stability while diluting raw profitability. Analysis of portfolio composition by rarity further revealed that artificial intelligence favors moderately rare and liquid skins such as Mil-Spec, resembling mid-cap equity investment strategies, while buy-and-hold accumulates rarer skins, analogous to small-cap holdings that rely on scarcity premiums. Discussion: These findings highlight that even in virtual goods markets, the trade-offs between return, risk, and diversification reflect established principles of modern portfolio theory. The study demonstrates both the feasibility and the potential of artificial intelligence-based trading systems in the Counter-Strike 2 skin economy, contributing methodological advances and practical insights for participants in this emerging digital asset market. © © 2025 Guede-Fernández, Wagle, Dias, Giordano, Henriques, Costa and Azevedo.
Assessing engagement decisions in NFT Metaverse based on the Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB). Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) have reached enormous levels of interest all over the world; The attraction was huge besides buying or creating an NFT. However, the actual use requires consideration of many aspects and sources to make decisions and engage in the NFT market. Moving forward and selecting what to create or where to buy, it is necessary to assess the NFT and whether it is worth investing in or not. On the other hand, Metaverse has become a trending topic and market interest has increased dramatically. However, NFT is crucial to enable the Metaverse; NFT approved its essential to the success of Metaverse adoption. In conclusion, this choice is complicated, especially when it involves extensive knowledge and information from different sources and perspectives (Engineering and Social Science). Some aspects are related to the customer experience and trust, and others are more likely to be asset-related. As we look at the blockchain market, we distinguish a variety of platforms and applications that can be used conveniently, presenting numerous options and possibilities. That brings to mind some ideas and asks some questions to assist the engagement in the NFT metaverse; When is the best moment to engage in the NFT metaverse? Is trading or engaging in the NFT metaverse trustworthy? Is it legal to use and trade NFTs, is there any need for governments to get involved? What NFT piece should create or what price to buy? What is the best and most secure platform to use? Assessing the NFTs requires deep research into different sources of controversial information and data. However, no such reference or study covers these considerations in detail; the lack of trusted resources and knowledge impacts the user experience and engagement. This paper contributes to social science studies by performing a multi-factor (comprehensive) analysis that includes the NFT Metaverse engagement decision and user behavior. We are using an extended model of the theory of planned behavior (TPB), proposing a model which includes external factors to help identify the variables that influence the engagement with NFTs in the metaverse. This comprehensive study has a multi-perspective approach; customer perspective, social perspective, technology perspective, legal perspective, and market perspective. We present extensive knowledge and information to be a helpful piece of awareness for everyone who intends to buy, invest, or create an NFT. This study uses a quantitative analysis method and provides meaningful results explaining this dilemma and the reasons behind the massive adoption of NFT and its fluctuation worldwide. This work helps the decision-makers, creators, and investors consider new development perspectives in the NFT metaverse. The methodology used primary survey data and analyzed with Smart-PLS 4 to determine variance-based structural equation modeling (SEM) using the partial least squares path modeling (PLS) method. © 2023 The Author(s)
Assessment of Functional Risks for Engineering Adaptive Smart Grid Applications. Established engineering procedures for developing smart grid applications adopt the Use-Case Methodology in combination with the Smart Grid Architecture Model (SGAM). This methodology has so far been adapted to include risk assessment for guaranteeing system security i.e. non-functional requirements. Recent work on engineering use cases that require specific adaptivity processes to make the system resilient against unexpected, rare events indicated the necessity to refine the established methodologies. In this paper, we propose an extension to the established engineering methodology that guides development teams to quantify such functional risks during requirements engineering phase. This enables inferring the suitable operating principles and system architectures for appropriate adaptive application designs. For demonstration, we consider the risks that arise from operating a virtual power plant under rare environmental conditions that are usually treated by manual trading activities. The methodology is validated in a case study for risk-aware balancing of renewable energy via flexible prosumers thereby reproducing the ad-hoc workflow used for particular flexibility use cases in earlier work. Altogether, we show how, at design time, the use of the proposed methodology supports the development of risk-aware adaptive systems. © 2022 IEEE.
Automated negotiation for e-commerce decision making: A goal deliberated agent architecture for multi-strategy selection. Automated negotiation plays an important role in dynamic trading in e-commerce. Its research largely focuses on negotiation protocol and strategy design. There is a paucity of further scientific investigation and a pressing need on the implementation of multi-strategy selection, which is crucially useful in human-computer negotiation to achieve better online negotiation outcomes. The lack of such studies has decelerated the process of applying automated negotiation to real world problems. To address the critical issue, this paper develops a multi-strategy negotiating agent system. More specifically, we formally define the agent's conceptual model, and design its abstract software architecture. Grounded on the integration of the time-dependent and behavior-dependent tactics, we also develop a multi-strategy selection theoretical model and algorithm. To demonstrate the effectiveness of this model algorithm, we implement a prototype and conduct numerous experiments. The experimental analysis not only confirms our model's effectiveness but also reveals some insights into future work about human-computer negotiation systems, which will be widely used in the future B2C e-commerce. © 2015 Elsevier B.V.All rights reserved.
Automating Portfolio Replication with Stock Market Algorithms. This study aims to explore methods for automating the replication of correlated portfolios across shares using various algorithms. The goal is to select one algorithm for implementation in a visualization tool that will facilitate portfolio building. The dynamics of the stock market provide a comprehensive view of the global economy, acting as a catalyst for stakeholders to participate and benefit various sectors financially, primarily through investments in companies that yield returns and contribute to the economy. The evaluation and comparison of these algorithms are crucial for making well-informed decisions regarding the core objectives of the study. Ultimately, a determination will be made as to whether the program can effectively analyse data from Yahoo finance to provide a quick overview of the financial market state of companies in the S&P 500 US stock prices. © 2025 IEEE.
Automation, Alignment, and the Cooperative Interface. The paper demonstrates that social alignment is distinct from value alignment as it is currently understood in the AI safety literature, and argues that social alignment is an important research agenda. Work provides an important example for the argument, since work is a cooperative endeavor, and it is part of the larger manifold of social cooperation. These cooperative aspects of work are individually and socially valuable, and so they must be given a central place when evaluating the impact of AI upon work. Workplace technologies are not simply instruments for achieving productive goals, but ways of mediating interpersonal relations. They are aspects of a cooperative interface i.e. the infrastructure by which we engage cooperative behavior with others. The concept of the cooperative interface suggests two conjectures to foreground in the social alignment agenda, motivated by the experience of algorithmic trading and social robotics: that AI impacts cooperation through its effects on social networks, and through its effects on social norms. © The Author(s) 2023.
BGP Blockchain for Metaverse - A Distributed Consensus System for BGP. A Metaverse provides an immersive and linked experience for individuals similar to what is depicted in the book "Ready Player One". Experiences will be enabled by VR headsets, gaming systems, desktop computers, smartphones, etc., while there will likely emerge several metaverses which in turn will need interconnection. Thus, the Metaverse may be portrayed as a platform that utilizes networking to build an open ecosystem in which different platforms co-exist to serve all users. One key technology for the Metaverse is a distributed consensus system (DCS), underpinning a set of distributed applications, most notably for cryptocurrency and asset management in general, often characterized as blockchain-based trading platforms. But the use of DCSs is not limited to applications. We assert that for a true Metaverse experience, and to prevent metaverse silos, there will need to be DCS-based security between the various metaverse platforms interconnected by the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP). Key for such security is the permissionless notion in its participation to enable a truly open ecosystem, while also addressing key performance aspects such as low latency across the various interconnections. This position paper highlights various opportunities for integrating DCSs with BGP in order to provide a secure and interoperable Metaverse architecture, and we propose a BGP Blockchain system as one area for additional BGP route security. We further propose the necessary elements needed in order to address key performance aspects in such a BGP Blockchain environment. © 2023 IEEE.
Barriers Among Novice Day Traders in the Gulf and AI-Driven Pathways to Success. This study explores the barriers faced by novice day traders in the Gulf region using a qualitative phenomenological approach. It identifies seven major themes that influence decisionmaking and profitability, including emotionally driven decisions, selective scepticism, hyper-vigilant monitoring, inadequate financial knowledge, unreliable trading platforms, insufficient personalization, and information overload. These findings highlight the interplay of psychological, educational, and technical factors that hinder consistent trading success. By focusing on traders' lived experiences, this study provides a deeper understanding of the challenges they encounter. It suggests that enhancing user-centred design, educational resources, and psychological support features within trading platforms could improve outcomes for novice traders. The study's insights are intended to inform the development of tailored AI-driven tools, supporting more effective trading strategies for novices in this context. © 2025 IEEE.
Batch Validation Scheme of Data Feature Requirement in Blockchain-Based Data Trading Platform. In traditional data trading process, data is sent directly to the demand side, leading to resale risks. To solve this problem, some researchers have proposed trading platforms that trade the right to use data, while data reamins local. However, due to the data invisibility, how to verify whether the data features meet the requirements of the Data requester without compromising the data privacy becomes a key issue. To address the issues above, this work propose a scheme for batch verification of data feature requirement fulfillment, where data holders organize and deposit data features using sparse feature Merkle trees (SFMT), and multiple data feature zero-knowledge proofs are aggregated using SnarkPack aggregation technology for data, thus enabling efficient verification of data feature zero-knowledge proofs on the chain. In addition, to avoid redundant verification of the same data features, this work propose a multi-way sparse Merkle tree (MSMT) to achieve efficient storage and verification of zero-knowledge proofs. Experimental results based on this scheme demonstrate that our proposed scheme significantly reduces the size of zero-knowledge proofs on the chain and decreases the gas consumption for verifying data requirement proofs on the chain, and MSMT also shows better performance in terms of insertion efficiency and generation and verification of Merkle paths, which improves the efficiency of verifying proofs of data feature requirement satisfaction on blockchain. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2025.
Betraying blockchain: Accountability, transparency and document standards for non‐fungible tokens (nfts). Transparency and accountability are important aspects to any technological endeavor and are popular topics of research as many everyday items have become ‘smart’ and interact with user data on a regular basis. Recent technologies such as blockchain tout these traits through the design of their infrastructure and their ability as recordkeeping mechanisms. This project analyzes and compares records produced by non‐fungible tokens (NFTs), an increasingly popular blockchain application for recording and trading digital assets, and compares them to ‘document standards,’ an interdisciplinary method of contract law, diplomatics, document/interface theory, and evidentiary proof, to see if they live up to the bar that has been set by a body of literature concerned with au-thentic documents. Through a close reading of the current policies on transparency (i.e., CCPA, GDPR), compliance and recordkeeping (i.e., FCPA, SOX, UETA), and the consideration of block-chain records as user‐facing interfaces, this study draws the conclusion that without an effort to design these records with these various concerns in mind and from the perspectives of all three stakeholders (Users, Firms, and Regulators), any transparency will only be illusory and could serve the opposite purpose for bad actors if not resolved. © 2021 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Beware of Performance Indicators: How Visual Cues Increase the Disposition Effect. Online trading interfaces are important instruments for retail investors. For sound reasons, regulators obligate online brokers to inform customers about certain trade related risks. Research has shown that different behavioral biases can decrease traders' performance and hence lead to pecuniary losses. The disposition to hold losing stocks too long and sell winning stocks too early ('disposition effect') is such a deviation from rational behavior. The disposition effect is analyzed for the prediction market 'Kurspiloten' which predicts selected stock prices and counts nearly 2000 active traders and more than 200,000 orders. We show that the disposition effect can be aggravated by visual feedback on a trader's performance via colored trend direction arrows and percentages. However, we find no evidence that such an interface modification leads to higher activity. Furthermore, we can not confirm that creating awareness of the disposition effect with textual information is suited to decreasing its strength. © 2015 Springer Fachmedien.
Beyond and beneath the Metaverse dazzle: The interplay of VR and blockchain-based social exchanges and affordances in determining NFT trading user experience. This research attempts to theoretically establish the factors influencing experiences of users when trading non-fungible tokens (NFT) facilitated by blockchain technology in the metaverse, a place where users conduct real-life activities in a virtual environment. Based on over 204 thousand user reviews obtained from 15 metaverse platforms, themes influencing users’ experiences were identified through natural language processing. Upon mapping these themes through the lens of social exchange theory and value affordance theory, the final set of factors influencing user experience were established and their relevance examined through multiple regression models. We found that interactivity, visibility, verification, value creation, transparency, and efficiency significantly influenced experience of a user in the NFT buying/selling process in the metaverse, whereas decentralized self-reliance, identity protection and token preference were found to be less influential while determining the same. The findings can be used by organizations developing metaverses to enhance the virtual experience of users, adding value to their business. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
Big data in finance. Quantitative finance is an area in which data is the vital actionable information in all aspects. Leading finance institutions and firms are adopting advanced Big Data technologies towards gaining actionable insights from massive market data, standardizing financial data from a variety of sources, reducing the response time to real-time data streams, improving the scalability of algorithms and software stacks on novel architectures. Today, these major profits are driving the pioneers of the financial practitioners to develop and deploy the big data solutions in financial products, ranging from front-office algorithmic trading to back-office data management and analytics. Not only the collection and purification of multi-source data, the effective visualization of high-throughput data streams and rapid programmability on massively parallel processing architectures are widely used to facilitate the algorithmic trading and research. Big data analytics can help reveal more hidden market opportunities through analyzing high-volume structured data and social news, in contrast to the underperformers that are incapable of adopting novel techniques. Being able to process massive complex events in ultra-fast speed removes the roadblock for promptly capturing market trends and timely managing risks. These key trends in capital markets and extensive examples in quantitative finance are systematically highlighted in this chapter. The insufficiency of technological adaptation and the gap between research and practice are also presented. To clarify matters, the three natures of Big Data, volume, velocity and variety are used as a prism through which to understand the pitfalls and opportunities of emerged and emerging technologies towards financial services. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.
Binary options trading: A deep dive into user perspective and satisfaction. This study delves into the realm of binary options trading, a high-risk investment strategy, through the lens of user perspectives and satisfaction with the Binomo app. Binary options trading, characterized by its simplicity and potential for high returns, has seen a surge in popularity with the advent of online trading platforms. However, it also carries significant risks and legal implications. Through an analysis of 14,341 reviews of the Binomo app, this research uncovers key areas of user concern and interest, including aspects related to money, time, trading, and app functionality. The study reveals a prevalence of negative sentiments, highlighting potential issues of fraud, withdrawal problems, and overall dissatisfaction. Despite the high rating, the study underscores the need for prospective traders to understand the inherent risks and legal implications of binary options trading. The findings provide valuable insights for improving user experience, enhancing transparency and security, and fostering trust among users. © 2024 by author(s).
Bitcoin-based decentralized carbon emissions trading infrastructure model. This paper presents a system-of-systems architecture model for a Decentralized Carbon Emissions Trading Infrastructure (D-CETI) with focus on privacy and system security goals. The structure and behavior are implemented as a solution to the problem of trading carbon emissions anonymously among the trading agents. Privacy and security of the trading agents and their carbon credits are the main requirements behind the architecture of D-CETI. The decentralized structure of multiple systems and distributed behavior are the two main features of D-CETI that distinguish it from the traditional carbon trading schemes and protocols. D-CETI is based on Bitcoin, a peer-to-peer digital currency with no central authority, and Open Transactions, a system that simplifies the use of cryptography in financial transactions. The architecture of D-CETI is evaluated and compared with the architecture of five other carbon emissions trading platforms. © 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Blockchain Based E-Commerce Website. The goal of this paper is to create a hybrid e-commerce platform that combines the capabilities of a trading system and a marketplace. With blockchain technology guaranteeing the transparency, security, and immutability of every transaction, the platform enables users to safely purchase, sell, and trade goods. Through the use of smart contracts, the platform lowers the possibility of fraud and ensures that every sale is carried out properly, providing a reliable environment for both buyers and sellers.The website is built using a full-stack development approach, with React.js for the frontend, Node.js for the backend, and a MySQL database for managing user and transaction data. The platform offers a seamless user interface that allows easy product browsing, listing, and transaction processing. Integrated payment gateways provide users with various secure payment options, and the system supports real-time updates to ensure a smooth user experience. © 2025 IEEE.
Blockchain for consortium: A practical paradigm in agricultural supply chain system. Trading aspect of agricultural supply chain system is sophisticated since it consists of many stages and involves various entities/agencies. Recently, blockchain technology could prove its effectiveness to solve some of the concerns in agricultural supply chain systems. Nevertheless, maximizing profit for producers (in our study farmers) is another important concern that can be addressed by consortium establishment which blockchain technology is the best solution for this purpose due to the following reasons. First, since all the nodes in the blockchain keep the verified and synchronized version of the chain, each node can verify the transactions’ transparency. Second, blockchain technology is temper-proof that means no one can change the history of the transactions. These two main features of blockchain technology can provide a suitable ground to construct a consortium among the producers. However, there are other specific requirements that a successful consortium in agricultural supply chain system should address them that motivate us to a new design of blockchain technology. More precisely, in our design we consider the problems of trustability, scalability, and share amount assignment. For trustability, we utilize cyber physical system to ensure the quantity and quality of the products. Scalability is being addressed by adopting the concept of public service platform and proposing a new consensus algorithm. And finally share amount assignment is being solved by our improved version of ant colony optimization algorithm. Experimental results and analysis prove the effectiveness and accuracy of our proposed design for blockchain technology. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Blockchain technology in project finance: A legal and practical model for financing mega-investments. There is currently no comprehensive scientific study that addresses the problem of financing projects using Distributed Ledger (blockchain) Technology (DLT) that are not themselves embedded in the blockchain ecosystem, particularly in the context of long-term and capital-intensive investments. This book fills this gap. It poses a number of research questions such as what financing model/mechanism is the most effective in the long term where very large financial resources are concerned; are there appropriate legal regulations in place; and can DLT (blockchain) technology provide usability and solutions that can be used in the process of financing capital-intensive investments? The book ultimately shows that it is possible to build a legal and economic model that would effectively enable the financing of long-term and capital-intensive investments, based on a specially prepared integrated platform operating on the basis of blockchain technology. As a result of the mechanisms of smart contracts, the platform would enable, the issuance and service of tokens, including equity tokens, but also auxiliary and payment or utility tokens, and the automation of relations between stakeholders. It would also allow the creation of a virtual decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) that would control the implementation of the project, and a decentralized exchange that would enable token trading The core readership for the book is academics, scholars and researchers in the fields of economics, finance and law, particularly those focused on blockchain technology, distributed ledger systems, and innovative financing mechanisms for large-scale investments. Policymakers and regulators involved in developing policies and legal frameworks for blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, and financial innovation would find it to be a practical reference. © 2025 Witold Srokosz, Pawel Lenio and Grzegorz Sobiecki. All rights reserved.
Blockchain-Based Framework for Secure and Efficient Peer-to-Peer Renewable Energy Trading. To design a blockchain-based system for secure and efficient peer-to-peer renewable energy trading involves several components like smart contract, user authentication and authorization, decentralized energy metering, marketplace interface, peer discovery and matching, transaction verification and settlement, scalability, privacy and confidentiality, etc. and factors associated with blockchain platform selection, regulatory compliance, community governance, integration with existing setup, etc. A secure and efficient blockchain-based system for peer-to-peer renewable energy trading can be created to enable greater autonomy and sustainability in the energy sector. To avoid identical energy from being sold multiple times, the prosumers (producer and consumer both) and users need to establish single pricing for every time, have access to an energy ownership arrangement, and execute a smart contract. The proposed system considers a peer-to-peer safe energy trading stage to utilize a smart contract-based blockchain architecture to equalize the supply and demand between prosumers and users and execute protected trade inside a microgrid. The hike or fall in price per time is determined by the proportion of overall demand to the overall supply encouraging the supply/demand for prosumers/consumers within the needed trading time. Every transaction in the process has an external account along with a digital signature. The presented study applies a proof-of-closeness consensus process for the generation of blocks. The owners are accountable for the transaction they transmit, and their electronic signature ensure verification and non-repudiation. The proposed system enables nodes of the system to transmit messages to other nodes without using blockchain to save time. The smart contract defines the nodes that are eligible to modify the states and circumstances so that modifications are only allowed using the qualified node’s private key. © 2025 Author(s)
Blockchain-Enabled Integrated Market Platform for Contract Production. Contract production and transaction are very common and important since it can greatly reduce future uncertainty and is well-organized by buyers, sellers, and trusted third parties (TTPs). However, current commodity trading systems (such as spot, futures, and forward contract) are still traditional centralized structures, which means that there may always be concerned about the single point of failure and data corruption. Besides, even though there already exists fragmentary decentralized applications (DApps) for the marketplace, order management, resale, delivery, financing, and insurance, they are not integrated for operating contract production and transaction comprehensively. In this work, a blockchain-enabled integrated marketing platform (BeIMP) is proposed for contract production and transactions. BeIMP is a consortium blockchain (CsBc) framework that enables better safety, efficiency, and interoperability among stakeholders. BeIMP can directly match producers and consumers and reduce the problem of intermediaries' improper market operation. BeIMP has a three-tier risk diversification mechanism. First, both parties can know the quantity and price according to the contract specification (CSpec) in advance to avoid future uncertainty. Second, the buyers can resell the established order if they need, thereby diversifying the risk. Third, the concept of insurance is introduced to reduce force majeure and other systemic risks. BeIMP can also help producers get the loan from the financial institution (FI) if they need fund for production. We implement and demonstrate the prototype in contract farming (CF) first and discuss its generalizability to other scenarios. Experiment results show that the smart contract (SC) function is stable enough and the proof of authority (PoA) has the advantage in throughput and can give users a better experience. © 2013 IEEE.
Blockchain-Integrated Predictive Analytics for Diversified Investment Portfolio Optimization. This research aims to optimize the management of investment portfolios through the collaborative integration of analytical prediction and blockchain-based technology. The investment sector can establish secure data exchange operations through blockchain technology which enables decentralized features while being fixed and transparent. The project utilizes multiple machine learning models that are specialized for individual asset classes to forecast price variations of stocks, real estate, gold, and cryptocurrency. The analysis uses dynamic moving averages along with LSTM neural networks and ARIMA models to understand price patterns associated with real estate market fluctuations while stock price forecasting depends on moving averages. A friendly user interface offered by Streamlit makes it possible to display projected asset values based on user-supplied criteria and risk preferences. The system gives investors the ability to research market behavior patterns while examining potential risks and helping them specify asset allocations and restructuring their portfolios accordingly. Our research introduces an innovative time-bound evaluation component as a distinct feature that enables users to find investment opportunities during specific time spans. Experimental results validate the effectiveness of our approach, achieving MAPE values of 0.55% for gold, strong predictive accuracy for real estate with ARIMA, and reliable short-term forecasting for stocks and cryptocurrencies. Practical applications of this system span across financial institutions, hedge funds, and individual investors who seek to leverage AI-driven insights for risk mitigation and strategic portfolio management. Financial institutions can utilize this system for algorithmic trading, asset allocation, and regulatory compliance, while hedge funds can improve quantitative investment strategies and optimize capital deployment. Individual investors can benefit from real-time insights that enhance decision-making and reduce financial risks. Additionally, blockchain integration enhances data security, transparency, and auditability. Our study aspires to develop a strategy for investing by offering a secure, accurate, and data-driven platform that facilitates the best portfolio efficacy. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
Blockchain-Powered Bandwidth Trading on SDN-Enabled Edge Network. Bandwidth trading procedures can be made to incentivize users to sell their needless traffic and indirectly reduce the probability of traffic congestion. However, implementation of bandwidth trading is opex-heavy from Internet Service Provider (ISP) perspective, while on the other hand, users also do not trust network executions from the ISP due to its heavily centralized control. These issues hinder the applicability of bandwidth trading and become our motivation to propose this paper. Our bandwidth-trading framework utilize software-defined networking (SDN) and blockchain. SDN automates the bandwidth trading executions from the ISP side and reduces the opex. Meanwhile, the smart contract is a trusted platform for building a trading marketplace where buyers, sellers, and SDN controllers can negotiate the trading terms. Once the trading is executed, SDN controllers generate proof of trading that must be submitted to the smart contract as proof of provisioning. We implement our works using Ethereum and POX SDN controllers, and the results prove that it can provide a seamless bandwidth trading experience with reasonable overhead. Furthermore, by committing to our framework, bandwidth trading can be executed fairly and securely because all previous provisioning can be cross-checked through the provided proof-of-trading. © 2013 IEEE.
Blockchain-Powered Gaming: Bridging Entertainment with Serious Game Objectives. The advancement and acceptance of new technologies often hinges on the level of understanding and trust among potential users. Blockchain technology, despite its broad applications across diverse sectors, is often met with skepticism due to a general lack of understanding and incidents of illicit activities in the cryptocurrency domain. This study aims to demystify blockchain technology by providing an in-depth examination of its application in a novel blockchain-based card game, centered around renewable energy and sustainable resource management. This paper introduces a serious game that uses blockchain to enhance user interaction, ownership, and gameplay, demonstrating the technology’s potential to revolutionize the gaming industry. Notable aspects of the game, such as ownership of virtual assets, transparent transaction histories, trustless game mechanics, user-driven content creation, gasless transactions, and mechanisms for in-game asset trading and cross-platform asset reuse are analyzed. The paper discusses how these features, not only provide a richer gaming experience but also serve as effective tools for raising awareness about sustainable energy and resource management, thereby bridging the gap between entertainment and education. The case study offers valuable insights into how blockchain can create dynamic, secure, and participatory virtual environments, shifting the paradigm of traditional online gaming. © 2024 by the authors.
Blockchain-based technology for commerce data management using reputation algorithm with QoS mechanism. Traditional solutions in commerce scenarios rely on core nodes for global data management. This approach often struggles to balance security and user experience. To address these shortcomings and take advantage of the decentralization and privacy protection offered by blockchain technology, we propose a decentralized commerce data management model. This model aims to ensure secure and efficient transactions in complex network and trust environments. Firstly, the drawbacks of the traditional scheme are analyzed, and the technical advantages of blockchain technology to ensure data security are clarified; secondly, the framework and smart contract implementation scheme are proposed for the characteristics of trade scenario; then, a node selection scheme based on reputation and Quality of Service is designed to meet its performance requirements, and the consensus algorithm is optimized. Finally, the security of the platform in the trade transaction process is verified and analyzed, and the simulation results prove that our proposed scheme, which take credit and dynamic group management into account, can better improve user experience while reducing resource consumption, and optimize the overall network latency and throughput performance. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Bridging Technology Gaps in Algorithmic Trading: An Integrated Framework for Retail Traders. While advanced financial technology has revolutionized algorithmic trading, retail traders are hindered by fragmented and inaccessible solutions. Existing systems compel traders to manage disjointed technologies throughout the pre-trade, trade, and post-trade stages, impeding efficient decision-making and risk management. This study utilizes design science research to construct an integrated framework that streamlines the trading workflow by incorporating robo-advisors, algorithmic trading, brain–computer interfaces, human–machine interfaces, and robotic process automation. Adhering to inclusive, human-centred design principles with an emphasis on explainable AI and mobile-first accessibility, the framework serves diverse traders globally. A quantitative pilot survey of 73 retail traders validated its usability. Subsequent regression analysis confirmed that the perceived value of the framework’s solutions strongly correlates with traders’ willingness to use it. The results show the framework effectively mitigates trading challenges, lessens cognitive load, and boosts decision-making efficiency, fostering a more inclusive digital financial ecosystem. © 2026 selection and editorial matter, Arif Perdana, Vijayakumar Bharathi S., Kanchan Patil, Grace Wangge, Sabina Satriyani Puspita and Wei Kang; individual chapters, the contributors.
Building a Modular and Fault-Tolerant Trading System: A Microservices Approach to Scalable Asset Exchange. A high-performance real-time trading platform is developed to facilitate the exchange of assets across a distributed architecture, emphasizing low-latency execution and a seamless user experience. The project focuses on creating a scalable back end through microservices to handle increasing traffic and demand without compromising system reliability or performance. By implementing real-time data processing and efficient communication mechanisms, the platform ensures rapid transaction execution and responsiveness even under heavy loads. Key design considerations include fault tolerance, minimal downtime, and an intuitive web interface that provides users with real-time updates. The project evaluates the system’s performance through stress testing and scalability assessments, ensuring that the platform can support real-world trading demands effectively. © 2026 Taru Publications. All rights reserved.
Building a Profitable Trading Strategy with an Intelligent Price Action Bot. Crypto trading has become increasingly popular in recent years, as cryptocurrencies have gained wider acceptance and mainstream attention. Many traders are drawn to the potential for high profits, as the value of some cryptocurrencies has risen dramatically in a short period of time. Crypto trading can be risky and volatile, as the value of cryptocurrencies can fluctuate rapidly and unpredictably. Traders should carefully research and understand the risks involved, and only invest what they can afford to lose. The traditional way of investing in financial assets like Stocks, Commodities, and Real Estate has proven to be a good source of passive income. Although we know that the markets tend to recover after every downfall, holding the assets through a financial crisis prevents the investor from the potential buying opportunities they had before the crash. Although cryptocurrency may yield astronomically huge gains overnight, there is also a huge downside. Monitoring of cryptocurrency trading is crucial for several reasons. It helps prevent fraud and scams, ensures compliance with regulations, reduces market manipulation, and protects investors from losses. Due to the lack of regulation in the cryptocurrency market, monitoring is essential for maintaining the integrity of the market and safeguarding investors. To overcome this, you can employ automated forms of trading that can generate revenue. Bots are given a set of trading guidelines defined based on timing, value, amount, or mathematical models. In addition to offering profitable trading opportunities, algorithmic trading increases market liquidity and improves trade execution by minimizing the impact of human emotions. This proposed model uses Docker Compose with Python to automatetrading and connect to various exchanges (Binance). Telegram is used here as an interface to manage transactions across various devices that support it. The benefits of automated trading go beyond the elimination of human emotions in trading. It can analyze large volumes of data faster than humans can, allowing for more efficient trades. Automated trading can also minimize the risk of losses, as bots can be programmed to sell when prices fall below a certain threshold. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
CETA: Gold Standard or Greenwashing?. The EU Treaties demand that EU trade policy must contribute to the sustainable development of the EU and its trading partners. It is investigated whether CETA is in conformity with this requirement and thus can form a gold standard for future trade agreements. The investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS) part of CETA, the Trade and Sustainable Development (TSD) chapters and the statements attached to the agreement are concentrated on. These aspects are investigated against the background of the manner in which EU trade agreements are negotiated, the role of the Trade Sustainability Impact Assessment (TSIA) system and public participation aspects. Under CETA’s Investment Court System (ICS, a form of ISDS), the national judiciary is bypassed, and states can be ordered to pay compensation for adopting non-discriminatory measures aimed at the protection of legitimate public welfare objectives, such as health, safety and the environment. This can cause a regulatory chill and hinder the ‘right to regulate’ in practice at a time where the adoption of climate changes measures already poses formidable challenges. Neither the TSD chapters nor the statements take away these concerns, notably because the chapters lack an enforcement mechanism with sanctions and because the statements lack clear explanations that could be of legal value. The manner in which the precautionary principle is dealt with in the TSD chapters and the statements is used as a case in point. CETA forms no gold standard, it is concluded, and should definitely not be mirrored in other EU FTAs like the EU-Mercosur agreement. © T.M.C. ASSER PRESS and the authors 2021.
COTRA: A Data Trading Framework for Multi-Source Data Cooperation. Data trading significantly enhances data-driven technologies by enabling efficient data sharing across mobile devices and communication systems. Despite the clear advantages of incorporating multiple sources often experienced by data users, the topic of multi-source data trading remains largely underexplored. This paper designs a data trading framework that enables multi-source data trading through structured and adaptive cooperation among data sources. The proposed framework aims to enhance data usage efficiency and seller revenue. Key technical challenges addressed include the complex interactions between data sources and buyers, the coupling among diverse data products, and the inherent non-convexity in optimization problems. We employ a Nash bargaining framework to model cooperative seller decisions and a two-stage Stackelberg game for dynamic seller-buyer interactions. By systematically addressing the coupling among data products, we derive closed-form solutions despite the non-convex nature of the optimization problem. Our results reveal that seller revenue remains stable with increasing product coupling until it reaches a threshold, beyond which further coupling increases revenue due to the substitute effect. Adaptive cooperation exhibits greater scalability and resilience, particularly in environments with numerous data sources and complex product interdependencies, while structured cooperation provides more predictability and efficiency in stable conditions. Experimental results demonstrate that this framework can improve seller profits by up to 46.32% compared to existing data trading methods in the current market. © 2002-2012 IEEE.
Can large language models effectively process and execute financial trading instructions?; 大语言模型能有效处理和执行金融交易指令吗?. The development of large language models (LLMs) has created transformative opportunities for the financial industry, especially in the area of financial trading. However, how to integrate LLMs with trading systems has become a challenge. To address this problem, we propose an intelligent trade order recognition pipeline that enables the conversion of trade orders into a standard format for trade execution. The system improves the ability of human traders to interact with trading platforms while addressing the problem of misinformation acquisition in trade execution. In addition, we create a trade order dataset of 500 pieces of data to simulate the real-world trading scenarios. Moreover, we design several metrics to provide a comprehensive assessment of dataset reliability and the generative power of big models in finance by using five state-of-the-art LLMs on our dataset. The results show that most models generate syntactically valid JavaScript object notation (JSON) at high rates (about 80%–99%) and initiate clarifying questions in nearly all incomplete cases (about 90%–100%). However, end-to-end accuracy remains low (about 6%–14%), and missing information is substantial (about 12%–66%). Models also tend to over-interrogate—roughly 70%–80% of follow-ups are unnecessary—raising interaction costs and potential information-exposure risk. The research also demonstrates the feasibility of integrating our pipeline with the real-world trading systems, paving the way for practical deployment of LLM-based trade automation solutions. © Zhejiang University Press 2025.
Capacity and Inclination of High Performance Computing in Next Generation Computing. Every field today, be it engineering and science or art, is witnessing a significant rise in the demand of computational capacity. This is because, with each passing day the problems are becoming more complex and the results are needed faster than ever. Some problems are so complex, single processor computers can take years to solve them. This has led to a meteoric rise in the use of HPC or High Performance Computing. Although High Performance Computing has been here for some time, it is now witnessing a renewed interest. High Performance Computing plays a significant role in the development of new technologies and innovations specifically in the fields with high demand for computational power. HPC makes use of the concept of parallelism where in a large number of processors work in parallel to solve a single problem, reducing the time requirements manifold. Computation intensive tasks like weather forecasting, high frequency trading cannot be completed efficiently and in a realistic timeframe without the use of HPC. High Performance Computing also plays a pivotal role in making sense of massive amounts of data generated in the scientific establishments like the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) or the widespread projects including the Genomic research. Most of these high-performance computing machines including supercomputers use Linux based operating systems. These machines also require special software capable of running on parallel processors. © INDIACom-2017.
CausalSeqGNN: A Fama-French Inspired Fuzzy Cognitive Map Combined With Graph Neural Network for Stock Prediction. Accurate stock prediction is a pressing challenge in quantitative finance, where complex temporal and cross-sectional dynamics defy traditional models. Although deep learning-based methods have made significant progress, most of them focus on individual stock trajectories, neglecting directional causality in stock interactions. Fuzzy cognitive maps (FCMs) are good at modeling the directional causality. Therefore, we design a new type of FCM with each concept node having a fuzzy state vector instead of just a fuzzy state value to more stereoscopic manifest the factors affecting a stock, like firm size, book-to-market value, and market risk emphasized by the famous Fama-French multifactor model. A genetic algorithm with a specially designed objective function is used to learn the new FCMs. Furthermore, the new FCMs are combined with a double-level attention mechanism and graph neural networks (GNNs) for z-score forecasting, named CausalSeqGNN. To balance scalability and adaptability, a dual-phase alternating learning architecture is designed in CausalSeqGNN, where the double-level attention mechanism fuses eight-day price sequences with news-derived sentiment scores updated daily, and the causal matrix capturing asymmetric stock interdependencies obtained by FCM learning updated quarterly since companies generally release their financial reports on a quarterly basis. Successfully synergizing Fama-French-driven causality with temporal dynamics, CausalSeqGNN achieves superior mean squared error and investment performance on US and Chinese market dataset, outperforming state-of-the-art baselines. This hybrid framework offers transformative potential for real-time trading, redefining stock forecasting with unparalleled precision and scalability. © 1993-2012 IEEE.
Cellular Economics of Exchanged Metabolites Alter Ratios of Microbial Trading Partners in a Predictable Manner. Most microorganisms exist in interacting consortia, yet the principles behind consortia assembly, including trading partner structure, still require deciphering, despite being central to understanding, building, and controlling consortia. This study tests a cellular-economy-based hypothesis that proposes consortia engaged in obligate metabolite exchange will assemble at ratios where the metabolic burden associated with the exchanges is predictably shared. The metabolic burden was quantified using ATP equivalents, the quantity of high-energy ATP phosphoanhydride bonds that could be produced if the exchanged metabolites were instead retained and catabolized for cellular energy. The hypothesis was tested using Escherichia coli cocultures engineered for obligatory exchange of pyruvate and l-arginine. The burden of metabolite exchange was manipulated by changing the availability of O<inf>2</inf> , which altered the bioavailability of substrate energy, and by deactivating the ATP synthase enzyme, which prevented oxidative phosphorylation. Three synthetic cocultures assembled at predicted strain ratios as a function of perturbations. The strain ratios represented an equivalent metabolic burden between the trading partners even though the exchanged metabolites varied substantially in flux magnitude (300+ fold), molecular weight (174 vs 88 g mol–1 ), enzyme requirements (8 specialized enzymes vs none), and biological energy density (27.5 vs 9 ATP molecule–1 ). The strain ratios could be rationally altered up to 20-fold using O<inf>2</inf> availability and cellular phenotype. The metabolic burden theory was applied to seven additional published cocultures and was found to accurately predict trading partner ratios. Quantifying exchanged metabolites on an ATP-equivalent basis provides a theory for interpreting natural consortia and a toolbox for controlling bioprocess consortia. © 2025 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society
Characterizing Desired Metaverse Experiences: A Comparative Analysis of Korean and American Users. Background The growth of metaverse industries has led to an influx of content in the digital world, but not all of it has been positively received by users. The current metaverse technology creates a contrast between the experience and the user’s imagination. Moreover, to create metaverse content that is suitable for different regions and cultures, it is important to understand the interests and desired activities of users. Hence, we sought to identify the characteristics of the experiences desired by users on metaverse platforms. Methods To do so, we conducted a time series analysis of user interest and employed web-based data crawling and term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) to examine activities of interest to Korean and American users. Positive experiences were identified using emotional keywords, and experts compared these experiences in terms of reality, continuity, and social interactivity. Results The results showed that Korean users were more interested in education- and travel-related content, whereas Americans preferred content related to creative activities, concerts, and live shows. Both groups shared a high interest in economic activities, such as banking and trading NFTs. Regarding reality, Korean users preferred realistic experiences in work and economic activities, whereas Americans favored unique, metaverse-specific experiences across all categories. With regard to continuity, Koreans liked short-term experiences, such as events and forums, except in leisure, while Americans preferred continuous experiences in education and work. In terms of social interactivity, Koreans favored individual experiences in economic and leisure activities for convenience, while Americans desired interactive experiences in the work category. Conclusions It is expected that the results of this study will serve as fundamental data to analyze the characteristics of the experiences in which metaverse users are interested. Furthermore, they will help to examine the correlation between metaverse experiences. The proposed research agenda can lead to insights into the current metaverse market status and future direction of application in various industries. © (2024), (Korean Society of Design Science). All rights reserved.
Characterizing social bots spreading financial disinformation. Despite the existence of several studies on the characteristics and role of social bots in spreading disinformation related to politics, health, science and education, financial social bots remain a largely unexplored topic. We aim to shed light on this issue by investigating the activities of large social botnets in Twitter, involved in discussions about stocks traded in the main US financial markets. We show that the largest discussion spikes are in fact caused by mass-retweeting bots. Then, we focus on characterizing the activity of these financial bots, finding that they are involved in speculative campaigns aimed at promoting low-value stocks by exploiting the popularity of high-value ones. We conclude by highlighting the peculiar features of these accounts, comprising similar account creation dates, similar screen names, biographies, and profile pictures. These accounts appear as untrustworthy and quite simplistic bots, likely aiming to fool automatic trading algorithms rather than human investors. Our findings pave the way for the development of accurate detection and filtering techniques for financial spam. In order to foster research and experimentation on this novel topic, we make our dataset publicly available for research purposes. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
China's emissions trading system and green performance: Based on the agent-based stock-flow consistent model. Emissions Trading System (ETS) is a prominent means to achieve carbon emission reduction. Many countries are operating or building the Carbon Emissions Trading Market to optimize economic and environmental benefits. However, there are interactions among national industrial structures. This makes the effects of ETS schemes unpredictable. How to build an ETS that takes into account both effectiveness and efficiency for China has become a key and urgent issue. Based on the reality of China's industrial growth and market construction, this paper sorts out the logical structure of China's ETS, focusing on the power sector as its primary component. An Agent-based Stock-flow Consistent Model including four sector types is developed to systematically analyze the ETS schemes. Simulation results from four distinct ETS schemes show that: (1) From the perspective of system structure, the current China's ETS exhibits institutional and regulatory deficiencies, particularly in policy design and the operationalization of its cap-and-trade framework. The “Porter Effect” hypothesis cannot be realized. (2) From the perspective of scheme effectiveness, implementing schemes that reduce emission benchmark and carbon offset can better achieve both economic and environmental benefits across all time horizons. In addition, the schemes to increase carbon offset, allowance auction, and penalties for exceeding the emission benchmark have certain favorable effects in the short or the long term. It provides decision-making reference for China to build an ETS and form an optimal policy mix. © 2026 Elsevier Ltd
Chinese Consumers’ Perception of Social Game: A Phenomenological Study. The current chapter examines the consumer meanings of social game among a non-student social group, that is, urban white-collar workers, in the unique cultural context of China. Specifically, the chapter reveals how urban white-collar professional users of Chinese social network sites experience, perceive, understand, and interpret different social games on the SNS by investigating a Chinese SNS: Happy Network (www.kaxin001.com ). Some experts have claimed that the Happy Network is the best copy of Facebook, though it differs in two ways: First, Happy Network focuses on a different user group. The foundational users of Facebook are college students; the first users of Happy Network were urban, white-collar professionals. Second, Happy Network focuses on online games. During its early developmental stage, the most popular games were “Trading Friends” and “Parking War”. Similar to Facebook though, the site allows users to change their personal status, store and share photos and music, write and share blogs, exchange short messages, send gifts, test themselves, launch polls or reports, and so forth. These functions are activated through various modules embedded in the site, which are updated and added regularly. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Classification-based fraud detection for payment marketing and promotion. Nowadays, many payment service providers use the discounts and other marketing strategies to promote their products. This also raises the issue of people who deliberately take advantage of such promotions to reap financial benefits. These people are known as 'scalper parties' or 'econnoisseurs' which can constitute an underground industry. In this paper, we show how to use machine learning to assist in identifying abnormal scalper transactions. Moreover, we introduce the basic methods of Decision Tree and Boosting Tree, and show how these classification methods can be applied in the detection of abnormal transactions. In addition, we introduce a graph computing method, which implicitly describes the characteristics of people and merchants through node correlation, in order to mine deep features. Because of the volume of large data, we carried out reasonable block calculation, and succeeded in reducing a large amount of data to a series of segments, thereby decreasing the computational resources and memory requirements. Compared with other work on abnormal transaction detection, we pay more attention to creating and using the portraits of merchants or individuals to assist in decision-making. After data analysis and model building, we find that focusing on only one transaction or one day does not yield a comprehensive number of characteristics, and many characteristics can be obtained by examining the transactions of a person or a merchant over a period of time. Furthermore, a large number of characteristics can be obtained from transactions in a period of time. After CBDT (Gradient Boosting Decision Tree) based classification prediction and analysis, we can conclude that there is a clear distinction between abnormal trading shops and conventional shops, facilitating the clustering of abnormal merchants. By filtering transaction data from multiple dimensions, multiple sub-graphs can be obtained. After hierarchical clustering, the abnormal trading group is mined and classified according to its features. Finally, we build a scoring model and apply it to the big data platform of one of China's largest payment service providers to help enterprises identify abnormal trading groups and specific marketing strategies. © 2020 CRL Publishing Ltd
Cloud and Big Data: A Mutual Benefit for Organization Development. The emergence of big data as a novel model gives unparalleled composition and value for an organization. The growth of big data is posing challenges in areas such as processing, analytics, sharing, and visualization. Interestingly, the cloud computing technology also emanated to specify important required infrastructure to tackle these disputes. Cloud computing is an effective interface that's used to manipulate enormous-scale and complicated calculations. It eliminated the requirement to sustain lavish computing hardware, dedicated infrastructure, and software. Big data and cloud computing (BDCC) are considered to become the source of productivity that drives today's electronic business transformations. Nonetheless, the ratio of the companies that adopt and use BDCC isn't significant. There are also obstacles to facilitating BDCC's market proliferation. Hence, this paper aims to recognize and emphasize the factors that affect the adoption and use of BDCC in technology-organization-environment (TOE) viewpoints in enterprises. Data were obtained from a sample of 100 companies to scientifically check our system. The understanding of BDCC's potential advantages and technical capabilities are defined as the BDCC's important elements. Consistency with current infrastructure, data reliability and functionality, and protection and privacy are highly rated within the sense of technologies. Managerial expertise and financial expenditure capacity for the application and use of BDCC and governmental assistance and regulation are defined as organizational and environmental considerations for acceptance and use, simultaneously. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
CmpQTS: Comparative Visual Analysis of Quantitative Timing Strategies. Quantitative timing strategies play a significate role in quantitative investment. However, as various quantitative timing strategies have been proposed, the main challenge lies in the selection of effective quantitative timing strategies to achieve excess market returns. Even for experienced investors, it is still hard to hand-pick the right one. In this paper, we propose CmpQTS, which, to our best knowledge, is the first visualization system that attempts to assist users in comprehensively exploring the performances of different quantitative timing strategies. In particular, CmpQTS compares and evaluates different quantitative timing strategies at two levels: a Multi-Strategy level, for comparing different quantitative timing strategies; and a Single-Strategy level, for evaluating a strategy in different aspects. The effectiveness of the system is demonstrated by two case studies and a user experiment using the China A-Shares of Shanghai dataset consisting of 486 stocks for 22 years (2000-2021). © 2022 IEEE.
CoEnergy: A Metaverse-Inspired Interactive Game Framework for Strategic Contribution in Local Energy Markets. Energy markets, featuring complex economic and technical characteristics, require educational and simulation environments. These environments enable users and developers gain a deeper understanding and real experience of the concepts and challenge. However, there is a clear lack of interactive educational platforms that can effectively convey these hands-on experience in a visual and conceptual way. In this article, an interactive game framework is introduced for the metaverse-inspired simulation, to present the experience of the concepts of the local energy market. Through engaging visual interactions, advanced mechanics and intelligent non-player character (NPC) behaviors, players are trained to learn the roles of prosumers and consumers, and their energy trade rules, relying on the digital twin acting as a mirrored manifestation of the real world in the imaginary world of metaverse. Players can engage in the game through both offline and online modes, where they have the opportunity to test and improve their trading strategies by managing energy and price. This paper presents the theoretical framework of the strategic contribution of the game players in local energy market, as well as the main features and illustrations of the developed game named as CoEnergy. © 2024 IEEE.
Coinmeter: a real-time digital asset analysis platform for data-driven investment decisions utilizing advanced visualization technologies. The surge in digital currencies as alternative investment assets has been accelerated by real-time financial data and the inherent volatility of digital currencies. This study presents Coinmeter, an innovative tool that leverages dynamic visualization and real-time data to enhance digital asset analysis. Coinmeter is built on a robust technology stack, featuring Chart.js for interactive data visualization, Material User Interface (UI) for modern interface design, and React.js for front-end development, creating a user-friendly platform that delivers comprehensive market capitalization and exchange rate data with seamless integration of the CoinGecko Application Programming Interface (API). Coinmeter efficiently retrieves real-time data using effective caching techniques that optimize speed and performance. The modular architecture of Coinmeter’s design ensures scalability and ease of maintenance, making it adaptable to the evolving demands of the virtual currency market. Coinmeter also aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), especially those focused on financial literacy and innovation. This study demonstrates how Coinmeter functions as both a powerful analytical tool and an educational resource, empowering users to make informed investment decisions in a rapidly changing financial landscape. The results underscore how cutting-edge web technologies can revolutionize financial data analysis and visualization, fostering a more informed and engaged user base in the future. © The Author(s) under exclusive licence to The Society for Reliability Engineering, Quality and Operations Management (SREQOM), India and The Division of Operation and Maintenance, Lulea University of Technology, Sweden 2025.
Collaboration: the key to gain value from IT in supply chain. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to investigate the role of electronic collaboration (e-collaboration) including information sharing, resource sharing and joint knowledge creation in value creation within pharmaceutical supply chain (SC) and achieving competitive priorities for pharmaceutical companies in Jordan. Design/methodology/approach: A descriptive analytical methodology was used through a comprehensive review of published and unpublished work from secondary sources of information in the areas of specific interest: e-collaboration and competitive priorities. The study was conducted at Jordan Food and Drug Administration (JFDA) (of which many pharmaceutical companies are linked electronically through JFDA workflow system). Data were collected (using paper questionnaire) from 90 electronically collaborating pharmaceutical companies and 81 complete responses were received, forming a 90 percent response rate. The analysis of collected data was performed using partial least square structure equation modeling. Findings: The results of the analysis indicated that e-collaboration dimensions, information sharing and resource sharing, have a positive impact on competitive priorities, while joint knowledge creation was not significantly related to them. The results suggest that value creation in SC electronic systems is contingent on mutual resource synergy and joint collaboration among trading partners. Research limitations/implications: The sample size for this study does not include all pharmaceutical companies in Jordan, as this electronic linkage within the pharmaceutical companies is at its early stage. Moreover, competitive priorities examined in this research are limited to a single industry context. Practical implications: This study offers a new insight into information technologies (IT)/business values that can be beneficial to IT and SC managers. By proposing the association between e-collaboration activities and competitive priorities, IT and SC managers are provided with a useful tool to link IT with collaborative activities that lead to value creation. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this research is one of the early studies about e-collaboration in pharmaceutical SC and competitive priorities in Jordan. As such, managers of manufacturing companies can use the outcome of this study to establish more collaborative partnerships within their SCs. This research contributes to encouraging pharmaceutical firms to focus on their export and marketing capabilities regionally and abroad which would establish a globally competitive pharmaceutical technology industry in Jordan. Social implications: It reveals that the adoption of IT alone to manage SC relationships is not sufficient to generate value. Both information- and resource-sharing activities are the core to do so.The results suggest that value creation in SC electronic systems is contingent on mutual resource synergy and joint collaboration among trading partners. The results of the analysis indicated that the dimension of e-collaboration, joint knowledge creation, was not significantly related to competitive priorities. Originality/value: This study offers a contextual contribution. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this research is one of the early studies about e-collaboration in pharmaceutical SC and competitive priorities in Jordan. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Collaborative 3D accessories customization and trading through web interface. This paper presents our experience in prototyping a collaborative 3D modeling platform with the context and purpose of keychain DIY. A comprehensive keychain customization and trading system is therefore developed using latest web and cloud technologies. Under a web interface, a group of users with diversified skills in 3D modeling can interactively design a single 3D content and share their idea more efficiently. By implementing simple version control of 3D models during editing, collaborated parties can rollback or undo certain contributions or modifications based on consensus. A preliminary user study of our proposed collaborative platform and keychain DIY system is carried out to collect constructive opinions and reveals encouraging results. The trial users are generally satisfied with our system performance and find that the web-based 3D collaborative editing is useful in providing better DIY experiences. © 2017 IEEE.
Collective Intelligence–Based Participatory COVID-19 Surveillance in Accra, Ghana: Pilot Mixed Methods Study. Background: Infectious disease surveillance is difficult in many low- and middle-income countries. Information market (IM)–based participatory surveillance is a crowdsourcing method that encourages individuals to actively report health symptoms and observed trends by trading web-based virtual “stocks” with payoffs tied to a future event. Objective: This study aims to assess the feasibility and acceptability of a tailored IM surveillance system to monitor population-level COVID-19 outcomes in Accra, Ghana. Methods: We designed and evaluated a prediction markets IM system from October to December 2021 using a mixed methods study approach. Health care workers and community volunteers aged ≥18 years living in Accra participated in the pilot trading. Participants received 10,000 virtual credits to trade on 12 questions on COVID-19–related outcomes. Payoffs were tied to the cost estimation of new and cumulative cases in the region (Greater Accra) and nationwide (Ghana) at specified future time points. Questions included the number of new COVID-19 cases, the number of people likely to get the COVID-19 vaccination, and the total number of COVID-19 cases in Ghana by the end of the year. Phone credits were awarded based on the tally of virtual credits left and the participant’s percentile ranking. Data collected included age, occupation, and trading frequency. In-depth interviews explored the reasons and factors associated with participants’ user journey experience, barriers to system use, and willingness to use IM systems in the future. Trading frequency was assessed using trend analysis, and ordinary least squares regression analysis was conducted to determine the factors associated with trading at least once. Results: Of the 105 eligible participants invited, 21 (84%) traded at least once on the platform. Questions estimating the national-level number of COVID-19 cases received 13 to 19 trades, and obtaining COVID-19–related information mainly from television and radio was associated with less likelihood of trading (marginal effect: −0.184). Individuals aged <30 years traded 7.5 times more and earned GH ¢134.1 (US $11.7) more in rewards than those aged >30 years (marginal effect: 0.0135). Implementing the IM surveillance was feasible; all 21 participants who traded found using IM for COVID-19 surveillance acceptable. Active trading by friends with communal discussion and a strong onboarding process facilitated participation. The lack of bidirectional communication on social media and technical difficulties were key barriers. Conclusions: Using an IM system for disease surveillance is feasible and acceptable in Ghana. This approach shows promise as a cost-effective source of information on disease trends in low- and middle-income countries where surveillance is underdeveloped, but further studies are needed to optimize its use. ©Gifty Marley, Phyllis Dako-Gyeke, Prajwol Nepal, Rohini Rajgopal, Evelyn Koko, Elizabeth Chen, Kwabena Nuamah, Kingsley Osei, Hubertus Hofkirchner, Michael Marks, Joseph D Tucker, Rosalind Eggo, William Ampofo, Sean Sylvia.
ComParE: A User Behavior Centric Framework for Personalized Recommendations in Skill Gaming Platforms. Recommendation in outcome based platforms (eg. skill gaming, financial trading) where users get rewards based on their choices and the subsequent non-deterministic outcomes from such choices presents a unique set of challenges. Unlike other online services (e.g., e-commerce, social media), these platforms often see: (a) distinctive longitudinal behavior patterns in users' transactions, (b) enormous content generated by the user interactions, (c) a dynamic interplay between the users' transactional history and outcomes towards their future behavior, (d) ordinal nature of transaction elements. Motivated by these observations, we propose ComParE (Competing Parallel Networks with Expert Network), a novel personalized recommendation framework that: (i) exploits the distinct behavioral trends in the data, by training competing parallel networks as local experts, (ii) trains a global expert network to get the overall picture for the final prediction, and (iii) introduces custom loss functions to learn inherent ordering and interpretations of the classes being predicted. With the example of personalizing entry fee choices for the game of Rummy on the RummyCircle platform we show: (i) distinct and robust user Personas found based on historical entry fee selections; (ii) significant boosts in the entry fee predictions through ComParE with both neural networks and classical ML algorithms for local and global experts; (iii) substantial lifts over platform default as shown through offline analysis. ComParE significantly outperforms other baselines including well known deep learning models, as shown through offline experiments. © 2022 ACM.
Comparative Study on Forecasting of Schedule Generation in Delhi Region for the Resilient Power Grid Using Machine Learning. The increasing use of Renewable Energy Resources (RES) in energy generation has led to the transformation of the conventional electrical grid into a more adaptable and interactive system, and this has made electrical load prediction a crucial aspect of smart grid operation. Short-Term Load Forecasting (STLF) is the ultimate requirement for the essentialities, such as planning, scheduling, management, and trading of electricity. In the proposed work, a forecasting engine model is developed to figure out the load of the upcoming twelve months (2020) in the Delhi metropolis, and this is accomplished by integrating real and dynamic meteorological data, calendar data, and load patterns for the successive two years (2017–2018). It is performed using different ensemble models, such as XGBoost, Gradient Boosting, AdaBoost, Random Forest (RF) algorithms, and deep learning models such as Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU), and the Prophet algorithm. The simulation results of the proposed models are obtained on the Python platform using Delhi weather, load, and calendar data. Further, the STLF is analyzed using 14 different models on the basis of 78 scenarios, and 8 data sets are analyzed in conjunction. The train, validation, and test accuracy have been considered as validation metrics, both on hourly and daily load forecasting, to validate the overfitting in terms of the train, validation, and test loss. A comparative study is made to show that the predictions of LSTM and GRU outperform with 100% accuracy. © 2023 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.. All rights reserved.
Computation of market risk measures with stochastic liquidity horizon. The Basel Committee of Banking Supervision has recently set out the revised standards for minimum capital requirements for market risk. The Committee has focused, among other things, on the two key areas of moving from Value-at-Risk (VaR) to Expected Shortfall (ES) and considering a comprehensive incorporation of the risk of market illiquidity by extending the risk measurement horizon. The estimation of the ES for several trading desks and taking into account different liquidity horizons is computationally very involved. We present a novel numerical method to compute the VaR and ES of a given portfolio within the stochastic holding period framework. Two approaches are considered, the delta–gamma approximation, for modelling the change in value of the portfolio as a quadratic approximation of the change in value of the risk factors, and some of the state-of-the-art stochastic processes for driving the dynamics of the log-value change of the portfolio like the Merton jump–diffusion model and the Kou model. Central to this procedure is the application of the SWIFT method developed for option pricing, that appears to be a very efficient and robust Fourier inversion method for risk management purposes. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
Computer Vision-driven Multi-module Collaboration: Optimization of Intelligent Commodity Recognition and Management System. Aiming at the problems in traditional commodity recognition scenarios, such as recognition failure caused by occlusion and contamination, "overselling and stock-out"due to data lag, and high labor costs, this paper studies the multi-module collaborative working mechanism of the intelligent commodity recognition system based on computer vision technology. By constructing a six-core module architecture of "Visual Acquisition - Image Preprocessing - Commodity Recognition - Data Linkage - Anomaly Early Warning - User Management", the functions of sub-components of each module and the collaborative logic of "data interaction + control connection"are clarified, and the whole-process data traceability is realized in combination with database design. Practical data show that the commodity recognition accuracy of the system reaches 98.5% (8.5 percentage points higher than that of traditional manual code scanning), the recognition time for a single commodity is shortened to 6 seconds (a decrease of 60%), the average monthly labor cost is reduced by 35%, and the problem of inventory synchronization lag is completely eliminated. The research confirms that multi-module collaboration can significantly improve the efficiency of commodity recognition and management accuracy, and provide technical support for the digital upgrading of commodity management in scenarios such as retail and warehousing. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Computer technology for financial service. Securities trading is one of the few business activitieswhere a fewseconds processing delay can cost a company big fortune. The growing competition in the market exacerbates the situation and pushes further towards instantaneous trading even in split second.The key lies on the performance of the underlying information system.Following the computing evolution in financial services, it was a centralized process to beginwith and gradually decentralized into a distribution of actual application logic across service networks.Financial services have tradition of doing most of its heavyduty financial analysis inovernight batch cycles. However, in securities trading it cannot satisfy the need due to its ad hoc nature and requirement of fast response. New computing paradigms, such grid and cloud computing, aiming at scalable and virtually standardized distributed computing resources, are well suited to the challenge posed by the capitalmarket practices. Both consolidate computing resources by introducing a layer ofmiddleware to orchestrate the use of geographically distributed powerful computers and large storages via fast networks. It is nontrivial to harvest the most of the resources from this kind of architecture. Wiener process plays a central role in modern financial modeling. Its scaled random walk feature, in essence, allows millions of financial simulation to be conducted simultaneously. The sheer scale canonly be tackled via grid or cloud computing. In this study the core computing competence for financial services is examined. Grid and cloud computing will be briefly described. How the underlying algorithm for financial analysis can take advantage of grid environment is chosen and presented. One of the most popular practiced algorithms Monte Carlo simulation is used in our case study for option pricing and risk management. The various distributed computational platforms are carefully chosen to demonstrate the performance issue for financial services. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2015.
Concept design trade-offs considering performance margins. Multi-disciplinary optimization (MDO) methods have become mature as software applications have been developed and distributed in Nordic countries and elsewhere. Typically, engineers formulate concept design problems using multiple system-level responses to allow simultaneous optimization along a Pareto trade-off frontier. These tools make use of trade-off graphs depicting each design concept as a point in a scatter plot, to observe the frontier versus dominated solutions. Often lost is the practical design engineering considerations of the equipment components that compose the system. In particular, there are operational performance limits of the equipment components, usually expressed as safety margins. In an MDO formulation, these margins are often modelled with fixed constraint limits. With optimization, the MDO search can then often drive these constraints active in the considered Pareto optimal solutions. That is, MDO methods can potentially drive a designer toward aggressive risky concepts on equipment margins. Hence, our research questions may be formulated as follows: May margin constraints be mapped or converted to system level objective functions and effectively traded-off against system level requirements? If so, would this approach enable more robust design concepts? In this work, we formulate a MDO problem allowing design performance requirements to be traded off against component performance limits. This will facilitate feasible design configurations that are not only high performing at a systems level, but are also more robust to design margin considerations. We have shown that overall improved designs can be generated when trading off performance limits slightly but greatly increasing the constraint margin safety margins. We do this by considering a family of Pareto frontiers at several levels of constraint margin limits. This highlights the relative sensitivity of component limits with performance levels, by adjusting either the performance requirements or engineering margins.
Construction and Research of Automotive Internationalization Platform Based on Spark Distributed System. This paper combines Spark's distributed computing capabilities with CNN's image recognition advantages to improve the transaction efficiency and user experience of the platform. First, this paper uses Spark distributed system to build a platform capable of processing large-scale auto transaction data. Spark's in-memory computing and task scheduling mechanism greatly improves the data processing speed and ensures the real-time and accuracy of transactions. Secondly, by improving the CNN algorithm, the intelligent recognition and classification of car pictures are realized, which not only optimizes the user search experience, but also provides the platform with accurate vehicle information matching capability. Finally, through detailed system simulation, the proposed scheme is verified to improve data processing performance, optimize transaction flow, and enhance user experience. The research results of this paper not only provide a new technical perspective for the construction of the automobile international platform, but also open a new way for the intelligent development of the automobile trading market. Through the fusion application of Spark and CNN, it shows the great potential of distributed computing and deep learning in solving complex transaction scenarios, and provides a valuable reference for the upgrading and optimization of future automotive trading platforms. © 2024 IEEE.
Content Characteristics and Customer Purchase Behaviors in Nonfungible Token Digital Artwork Trading. Despite the growing popularity of digital artworks that use nonfungible tokens (NFTs), systematic frameworks for analyzing the content characteristics driving NFT artworks’ creation, sale, and collection remain underdeveloped. Drawing on key insights from a diffusion of innovations, social identity, and value-based adoption theories, this study constructed a conceptual model that identified six key factors: uniqueness, profitability, prestige, community engagement, collectability, and compatibility. These factors’ effects on consumer purchasing behavior were investigated using perceived value as a mediator. Empirical data were collected from 300 Chinese participants and analyzed using multiple regression analysis. The significant direct effects of profitability, community engagement, collectability, and compatibility on purchasing behavior were identified. Uniqueness and prestige were found to exert indirect effects mediated by perceived value. Furthermore, a fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis uncovered configurations of content characteristics sufficient for driving high purchasing behavior. It highlighted low community engagement as a necessary condition for low purchasing behavior and underscored multiple attributes’ synergistic interplay in shaping consumer decisions. By integrating these attributes into the conceptualization of NFT content characteristics and synthesizing theoretical insights, this study enhances the understanding of consumer behavior. Recommendations are provided for NFT creators and platforms to improve content quality, cater to diverse preferences, and enhance user experiences, thereby promoting adoption and sustainable growth. © 2025 by the authors.
Continuous Use of NFT Trading Platforms: A Perspective Integrating the Expectation Confirmation Model and the Information Systems Success Model. With the development and popularization of blockchain technology, non-fungible token (NFT) platforms, serving as innovative tools for digital asset trading and ownership verification, are gradually receiving widespread attention and research from artists, collectors, and investors. To facilitate the sustained development of non-fungible token (NFT) platforms and enhance user stickiness, it is imperative to study the factors that affect users' continuous usage intentions. Despite research on information system success and user continuance intention, there remains a lack of study in the NFT domain, especially when considering factors such as economic benefits, perceived trust, and technological stress. This research aims to explore the key factors affecting the continued use intention of users on NFT trading platforms, specifically focusing on the roles of economic benefits, perceived trust, and technological stress. The study's results aim to provide targeted suggestions for the optimization of NFT trading platforms. Therefore, this research is grounded in the Expectation Confirmation Model and the Information Systems Success Model, and extends these approaches by introducing four elements - economic benefits, perceived trustworthiness, Individual and Organizational Impact and technological pressure - thereby constructing the research model. Structural equation modeling was employed to analyze data from 304 respondents with experience in using NFT trading platforms. The findings indicate that: 1) technological pressure is positively correlated with perceived ease of use; 2) both service quality and information quality are positively correlated with perceived ease of use and usefulness; 3) perceived ease of use, usefulness, economic benefits, and their impact on individuals and organizations are all positively correlated with continuous usage intention; and 4) system quality is not significantly related to perceived ease of use or usefulness, nor is perceived trustworthiness significantly related to continuous usage intention. Based on these findings, we provide practical recommendations for optimizing NFT platforms and offer guidance for platform developers and operators. © 2023 The Authors.
Contract-Less Mobile Data Access beyond 5G: Fully-Decentralized, High-Throughput and Anonymous Asset Trading over the Blockchain. The new 'status quo' created by the emerging integration of Multi-Access Edge Computing (MEC) and Radio Access Network (RAN) infrastructures, combined with the openness of the 5G service market, have set new standards on how the multitude of 5G service domains should be incentivized and coordinated to comply with the performance requirements set on a per session basis. In this paper, we revisit the predominant offline contract-driven mobile data access model enabling users to gain access to the infrastructure of only a few network operators and propose a new blockchain-backed mobile data access model where the key 5G stakeholders can trade, share and consume mobile edge network assets (access to the internet, spectrum, processing, storage, local content etc.) in a fully decentralized, anonymous and highly-robust fashion. Blockchain-backed mobile data access should address critical practical challenges of blockchain decentralization, scalability and security in the context of 5G and Beyond networks. Accordingly, we provide a meticulous survey of existing solutions in the aforementioned three areas and present a comprehensive holistic framework of protocols to address the key challenges identified, including a delegated Proof-of-Stake (DPoS) for distributed blockchain consensus over 5G and Beyond mobile data networks, a future-proof smart-contract enabled payment relay service enabling instant off-chain payments in a highly robust fashion as well as a hybrid mixing protocol that enables payment relays to act as anonymous payment hubs while addressing the unique challenges opposed by the joint blockchain and network level interaction of the 5G and Beyond service components. A wide range of practical implications and mitigation measures for dishonest operation of the blockchain nodes are investigated and sophisticated yet highly-robust incentive engineering mechanisms are derived. Detailed numerical results also accompany the paper, bringing to light the unique performance trade-offs and valuable design guidelines towards blockchain-backed mobile data access for 5G and Beyond mobile data networks. © 2013 IEEE.
Creating a Python platform for students to learn full-stack development of financial applications. In finance, programming is helpful in various situations, such as asset pricing, electronic trading, and portfolio management. Python is one of the most popular and widely used programming languages for developing financial applications. In addition, many financial applications are designed according to software development methodologies unique to the financial industry. However, there is no Python platform for students to learn how to use software development methodologies for the full-stack development of financial applications. Therefore, we developed a Python application called the FRE Platform, which is designed and built for students to learn full-stack software development for financial applications. The platform consists of a Web browser-based user interface, a financial modeling mid-tier, and a back-end trading engine for auto-trading simulation. Real-time and historical market data feeds are integrated into the platform, and all the modeling and trading data are persisted in the embedded SQLite database. Since March 2021, 21 students in our department have implemented their capstone or research projects on the platform in an industry-setting collaborative software development environment. All these students found full-time jobs in financial or technology companies after graduation. A survey revealed that what they learned from working on the platform positively influences their job search efforts and workplace skills. Our experience indicates that the full-stack software development skill could be an important add-on for students in finance, enhancing their marketability and employability within the financial industry. © The Author(s) 2026.
Cross-Chain Digital Asset System for Secure Trading and Payment. Blockchain as a ledger technology is attractive without the need for central servers. There are many types of blockchains in different fields, such as digital asset trading and payment, which have business interactions. In the fields, the digital asset and payment information on their blockchains need to be securely cooperative with each other. However, some business activities are on different blockchains, which have different consensus algorithms and network architectures, thus limiting the interoperability among these activities and making each blockchain an island. Cross-chain technology can connect different blockchains and realize the interoperability and sharing of information among them. This work designs a cross-chain digital asset system for secure trading and payment. It builds two parallel chains, i.e., digital asset chain (DAC) and payment chain (PC), and their functions are analyzed and designed. The cross-chain, i.e., relay chain (RC), is used to realize cross-chain interoperability, where the cross-chain message format and authority setting are designed to endow parallel chains with the ability to recognize. The decentralized characteristic of the RC allows cross-chain messages to be safely transmitted to ensure secure trading and payment. Through testing and analysis, the proposed system can provide more secure trading and payment than its peers. © 2014 IEEE.
CryptoMixer: Fine-grained market information-aware MLP Networks for Individual Cryptocurrency Trading Prediction. Accurately predicting user trading behavior in decentralized exchanges is essential for investors to mitigate risks and optimize their trading strategies. While existing research primarily focuses on predicting trading behavior in stock markets, these methods often struggle to adapt to the distinct nature of cryptocurrency trading. Specifically, they face issues such as limited adaptivity to high-frequency and algorithmic trading, as well as an insufficient consideration of fine-grained real-time market participants' behavior.Thanks to the pending mechanism of blockchain, it becomes possible to capture traders' interactions before transactions are finalized, providing valuable insights into market state. However, accurately modeling and predicting trading behavior in decentralized exchanges presents challenges, including limited adaptability to high-frequency trading, a lack of fine-grained transaction data, and high computational costs. This work proposes CryptoMixer, a lightweight fine-grained market information-aware multilayer perceptron (MLP)-based model for high-frequency cryptocurrency trading behavior prediction. Specifically, to overcome the sparsity and asynchrony of user behavior data, CryptoMixer develops a Market Information Augmenter that aggregates historical transaction data of users. Furthermore, CryptoMixer designs a Market Information Mixer as well as a Two-stream MLP Fusion Mixer to capture fine-grained user trading behavior patterns. We evaluate CryptoMixer on real-world user trading datasets from the Uniswap decentralized finance platform. Experimental results demonstrate that CryptoMixer outperforms traditional prediction models while maintaining low computational overheads, providing a practical solution for real-time cryptocurrency trading behavior prediction. The code is available at https://github.com/aqua111000/CryptoMixer. © 2025 ACM.
Cryptocurrency Trading Bot with Sentimental Analysis and Backtracking Using Predictive ML. Algorithmic trading is a process of converting a trading strategy into computer code which buys and sells the shares or performs trades in an automated, fast, and accurate way. Sentiment analysis is a powerful social media tool that enables us to understand its users. It is an important factor because emotions and attitudes toward a topic can become actionable pieces of information useful in understanding market trends, saving time and effort by the means of automation. Bringing together the art of sentimental analysis of social media and backtracking of historical price data, the paper, coupled with state-of-the-art APIs from leading crypto exchanges, is set to predict the best options and place trade orders, taking into account variables set by the user such as STOP LOSS and risk profiles. Combining the historical data from Binance APIs, coupled with sentimental analysis of Twitter tweets, our work aims at delivering highly accurate trade orders and executing them in real time without any human intervention. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Cyber-secure energy and flexibility scheduling of interconnected local energy networks with introducing an XGBoost-assisted false data detection and correction method. The growing penetration of renewable energy resources (RERs) and the ever-increasing implementation of information and communication technologies in smart grids necessitate the utilization of fast and safe operation methods. These schemes should be able to cope with the intermittency of uncertain RERs and fully explore the capabilities of new technologies while considering the vulnerabilities as a result of digitalization. Here, the integrity of the energy and flexibility scheduling and trading heavily depends on the security of the cyber-physical system. Local energy networks (LENs) are introduced to easily incorporate and utilize distributed energy resources, improving electrical power reliability and efficiency. This study develops a cyber-secure energy and flexibility scheduling platform for interconnected local energy networks. Hence, it introduces a novel false data detection and correction method based on the XGBoost machine learning method and investigates the performance of the proposed algorithm in the context of an interconnected local energy network and the corresponding energy and flexibility transactions. In this regard, this paper initially presents a bilevel energy and flexibility scheduling problem for interconnected local energy networks (ILENs) considering cyber-attacks (BLEFS<inf>CA</inf>ILEN), which tries to satisfy the energy and flexibility requirements of the ILEN guaranteeing a resilient decision against false data injection cyber-attacks. Within the proposed BLEFS<inf>CA</inf>ILEN a bi-level multi-objective optimization problem is defined where the operator of ILEN optimizes both energy and flexibility trading among LENs in the upper level to maximize its revenue. In the proposed structure, the operator of each LEN is situated at the lower level and tries to minimize the scheduling cost and simultaneously maximize the local flexibility index. Furthermore, in order to evaluate and improve the proposed system's cyber-security, a false data injection attack is constructed using the Gaussian probability distribution function. Herein, the scheduling of ILEN is optimized considering vulnerabilities of electricity consumption data as a consequence of cyber-attack. Finally, the novel XGBoost-assisted deviation bound-based false data detection/correction (XGBFDD) algorithm is suggested to mitigate the above-mentioned cyber-attack and attain near real-world conditions. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed false data detection/correction strategy exhibits a maximum accuracy of 91.67 precent in mitigating the attack effects. This is because the acquired post-correction results exhibit minor deviations in comparison to the original optimization output that is calculated with the pre-attack consumption data. © 2023 The Author(s)
DQN Trading System with limited API calls for Stocks with Large Trading Volume Per Second: Design and Real Market Implementation. This research presents an advanced trading system using Deep Q-Network (DQN) agents to achieve consistent returns in high-volume stock trading within an application programming interface (API) call-limited environment. Major stock markets like South Korea, the United States, and Japan impose API call limits to prevent computational overload and market crashes. Our approach overcomes the limitations of simulation-based backtesting by incorporating real-time API call restrictions specific to each country's stock market. Existing algorithmic backtesting techniques often neglect the finite network resources of actual markets and focus on algorithms trained on a single stock or index, lacking alternatives when strategies fail in real-world conditions. Our work addresses the complexities of modern trading, including API call limitations, intricate tax and fee structures, and varying global regulatory environments. Uniquely applied in real time to the Korean stock market, our system employs DQN agents to effectively execute profitable trades. DQN agents are integrated into a practical trading framework that emphasizes rapid decision-making, from data collection to deployment. Testing of the DQN-based strategy within API call limits on the Korean stock market yielded an average daily return of 1.57% over a seven-week period with randomly selected stocks. During this time, the KOSPI and KOSDAQ indices experienced minimal fluctuations of 0.01% and 0.04%, respectively, demonstrating the system's real-world effectiveness and adaptability to market conditions. © © 2025 KSII.
Dalal Ratings: Deep Learning Based Platform for Stock Investors. It is quite difficult to analyze the stocks and make investments in the stock market especially by the small investors. Therefore, it is required to develop a platform for investors to compare stock analyzers/brokers using the real-time rating system. The Dalal rating portal is developed which makes it easy for investors to use the real-time rating system and select whose recommendation to follow. All the data is authentic and is updated daily from the official National Stock Exchange (NSE) website. Further, Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Neural Networks are employed for predicting the stock market. The existing platforms provide collective recommendations but cannot verify the same. Hence, the Dalal Rating portal becomes a unique one-stop platform that introduces an automatic broker rating system and also the feature to verify recommendations that are not present in the existing platforms. This portal can filter collective recommendations, access the latest news, perform stock forecasting, and a detailed view of each analyzer, thus, improving the user experience. © 2025 IEEE.
Data Completion in E-commerce. In e-commerce, incomplete product data presents a significant challenge, particularly in online marketplaces where small businesses and individual sellers often lack the resources to provide full product details. Missing data in product items-whether structured fields like feature-value pairs or unstructured text such as titles and descriptions-can hinder product search, recommendations, and overall marketplace functionality. Addressing these data gaps is essential for enhancing the efficiency and user experience of e-commerce platforms. This paper introduces low-cost machine learning approaches for completing missing textual features in such items, offering an alternative to computationally expensive large language models (LLMs). We propose two cost effective methods: the first extracts data from unstructured fields like item titles or descriptions, while the second employs a Nearest Neighbors method to impute missing values based on similar items. Both methods are evaluated on real-world datasets across diverse product categories, including sports trading cards, motor parts, and computers. Our experiments demonstrate that these low-cost approaches can achieve performance comparable to LLMs, often at a fraction of the computational cost, making them a viable option for large-scale e-commerce platforms.We also demonstrate that completing missing data not only improves data quality but also enhances key tasks such as search optimization and matching items to catalog products, which are critical for e-commerce platforms. © 2025 OpenProceedings.org. All rights reserved.
Data Pricing for Blockchain-based Car Sharing: A Stackelberg Game Approach. With the increasing popularity of car sharing, a large amount of vehicle data has been generated which has great potential values for various applications (e.g., analyzing user habits for more economic benefits). These valuable data can be traded among owners and buyers on a data trading platform. Traditionally, data is traded in a centralized market which requires data exchange by trustworthy authorities. In this work, to address the potential unreliable issues (e.g., data loss and leakage), we design a consortium blockchain-based data trading framework to create a P2P trading market and enhance the security of data trading. We classify the data into five types to distinguish data with different values. Specifically, we investigate the pricing issue in the proposed car-sharing data market, which consists of data owner, service provider and data buyer. The data owner gives the pricing strategy of original data, and then the service provider processes the raw data and provides hierarchical quality of data with different data accuracy and privacy levels to the buyer who determines the data purchase strategy. Based on the interactions among these three parties, we formulate the problem as a three-layer Stackelberg game. Backward induction is applied to analyze the solution of the problem, and we conduct theoretical analysis to show the existence of Stackelberg game equilibrium. Numerical results evaluate the performance of our system under different settings. © 2020 IEEE.
Data of history: An open-source and multiformat wall image dataset of Panam city, a historical place. Historical data on monuments offers valuable insights into that period's past sculpture, architecture, and preferences. Realising the importance of historical data and the scarcity of data on historical places, this study presents a dataset collected from Panam City. Panam City, established in the late 1300s century, was the capital of the fifteenth-century Bengal ruler Isa Khan. The city was once an important trading and political centre and is now considered a world heritage site by the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO). Panam City is located in Sonargaon, Dhaka, Bangladesh. The aim of data collection is to capture past architectural design, materials used for the building, and the current state of the walls and structures of Panam City. This dataset can benefit researchers, architects, archaeologists, and cultural organisations. Historians and architects can gain insights into the wall's construction methods and materials, informing future restoration efforts. Historic datasets can create exciting AR/VR experiences by digitizing and 3D modelling historical artefacts and environments, integrating them into AR/VR platforms using game engines and development tools, and enhancing the user experience with interactive storytelling and educational content. Tourism boards and cultural heritage organisations can leverage this resource to develop engaging experiences that highlight the rich history and significance of Panama City. By making this data accessible, this study contributes to understanding and appreciating Panam City's historical significance while promoting innovative approaches to heritage preservation in the digital age. This dataset contains 2292 images of degraded wall classes such as Artistic, Corroded Brick, Corroded Plaster, Fungus, and Living Plant. © 2024 The Author(s)
Data visualization and sonification for financial agent-based models. The corporate bond market is one of the areas that has witnessed profound changes since the last financial crisis, prompting regulators (and industry participants) to question its resilience under stress. We are building agent-based models to better understand bond market dynamics using simulations. Simulations offer an intriguing method of capturing the second-order feedback loops that can affect prices under conditions of stress. However, understanding all the data and emergent behaviors from these complex systems remains a difficult challenge. In this paper, we begin investigating visualization and sonification techniques that might help us meet this challenge at both agent (micro) and system-wide (macro) levels, with the goal of assembling an effective mixture of visual elements. Sonification offers a novel way to enrich our visualizations with sound, setting markets to music. An experiment assessing the impact of mutual fund market share on bond market stability provides an interesting context with meaningful outcomes. © 2017 AIS/ICIS Administrative Office. All Rights Reserved.
Data-driven multi-step energy consumption forecasting with complex seasonality patterns and exogenous variables: Model accuracy assessment in change point neighborhoods. Energy forecasting tools became a significant scope of application for time series modeling due to the specific challenges in energy trading — the forecast of consumption for the whole next trading day based on the limited data availability at the forecast origin. The research article addresses the scope of high-frequency time series data, multiple seasonal patterns, exogenous variables, and nonstationary properties in a multi-step forecast horizon tasks. The contribution of the research is the introduction of a machine- and deep-learning-based data-driven approach for multi-output time series forecasting and mainly an introduction of the new evaluation metric called the Change Point Neighborhood Error (CPNE). The purpose of the metric is to provide a distinctive measure of forecasting accuracy of the proposed models in parts of the time series where a change point or a data drift emerges. The experimental findings indicate a notable improvement in accuracy achieved by machine and deep learning models, resulting in a substantial reduction of the mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) by approximately 45 % compared to the optimal statistical model across both datasets used, and also in terms of change point neighborhood error in comparison to statistical models due to their requirement for stationary data input. Deep learning models may be a viable alternative to machine learning approaches; however, deep learning models require long input sequences for accurate forecasting, whereas machine learning methods require shorter input sequences and can benefit more from feature engineering. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
Day-ahead Market Bidding Model for Cascade Hydropower Stations Considering Price Risk and Contract for Price Difference; 计及电价风险和差价合同的梯级水电站日前市场竞价模型. In the background of pilot construction for electricity spot markets, how to closely combine the market mode and trading rules to decide spot market trading is an urgent problem to be solved for cascade hydropower stations. For the centralized electricity market, a day-ahead market step-wise bidding model for cascade hydropower stations considering the price risk and the contract for price difference is proposed. The bidding model is coupled with the short-term optimal dispatch of cascade hydropower stations and considers the short-term operation constraints and step-wise bidding curve requirements. Based on the settlement rules of the contract for price difference, the bidding of the day-ahead electricity market is decided to give full play to the role of contract for price difference in avoiding risks. The stochastic electricity price scenarios are used to simulate the uncertainty of day-ahead market prices and the conditional value at risk (CVaR) is introduced as the risk assessment indicator. Taking the objective of maximizing the comprehensive utility of the risks and profits for cascade hydropower stations, the coordination of the two is achieved through risk preference factors. Finally, two cascade hydropower stations are taken as an example and the results of calculation examples and analysis verify the rationality and effectiveness of the proposed model. © 2022 Automation of Electric Power Systems Press.
DeFi-Vis: Visual Analytics for Exploring Decentralized Finance Trading Activities. DeFi-Vis is an innovative visual analytics tool that enhances user interaction with blockchain data for advanced insights into trading strategies, portfolio management, and de-centralized finance (DeFi) activities. Unlike traditional blockchain explorers, DeFi-Vis aggregates data across custom time ranges, offering interactive charts and visualization techniques to make blockchain transactions more accessible and understandable for both intermediate and expert users. A planned user study involves evaluating the tool's usability and effectiveness to promote transparency, usability, and adoption within the DeFi ecosystem. © 2025 IEEE.
Decentralized Exchange and Pooling Trading Platform Applications. Decentralized exchanges (DEXs) and pooled trading platforms are transformative applications within the cryptocurrency ecosystem, providing users with unprecedented control, privacy, and reduced reliance on centralized entities. DEXs enable peer-to-peer trading through smart contracts, minimizing counterparty risk and fostering censorship resistance. These platforms also enhance user privacy by sidestepping traditional know your customer/anti-money laundering (KYC/AML) procedures. Pooled trading platforms, utilizing liquidity pools and automated market makers (AMMs), offer users the ability to contribute to liquidity and earn fees in a decentralized manner. However, these innovations face challenges, including regulatory uncertainties, user experience improvements, security concerns, and scalability issues. Addressing these challenges is crucial for the continued evolution and widespread adoption of decentralized trading platforms in the dynamic landscape of blockchain and cryptocurrencies. DEXs and pooled trading platforms represent a paradigm shift in the landscape of blockchain and cryptocurrency trading. DEXs, leveraging smart contracts, and blockchain technology empower users with direct control over their assets and facilitate peer-to-peer transactions without the need for intermediaries. The integration of smart contracts automates trade execution, fostering trustless transactions and reducing counterparty risk. Moreover, DEXs prioritize user privacy by avoiding the collection of personal information, a departure from traditional exchanges with stringent KYC/AML procedures. Pooled trading platforms, exemplified by the likes of Uniswap and Pancake Swap, introduce liquidity pools and AMMs to the ecosystem. Users contribute their tokens to these pools, becoming liquidity providers and earning fees proportional to their contributions. The automated pricing mechanism of AMMs allows users to swap tokens seamlessly without the need for a centralized order book. However, participants in liquidity pools may encounter impermanent loss, a temporary reduction in the value of their holdings due to price fluctuations. © 2026 selection and editorial matter, Dileep Kumar Murala, Sandeep Kumar Panda, and Sujata Priyambada Dash; individual chapters, the contributors. All rights reserved.
Deciphering stakeholder strategies in electric vehicle battery recycling: Insights from a tripartite evolutionary game and system dynamics. Given that the global fleet of electric vehicles is expanding rapidly, leading to a surge in demand for power batteries, the significance of battery recycling has come sharply into focus. In this paper, we develop a tripartite evolutionary game model coupled with a system dynamics simulation approach to analyze the behavioral mechanisms of stakeholders in electric vehicle battery recycling and to identify the key factors influencing their strategic transformations. The model involves three key stakeholders: local governments, battery cathode manufacturers, and battery pack manufacturers. Through profit analysis and the formulation of a replicator dynamics system, coupled with the application of Vensim for system dynamics modeling, we analyze the effects of ten crucial exogenous variables on stakeholder strategies. Our research highlights the crucial role of government actions, such as subsidies and penalties, in directing corporate strategies. Notably, excessively high subsidies (over 2.1 million Chinese Yuan) lead to dependency among cathode manufacturers. Market factors, including increased battery sales and the preference for low-carbon procurement by electric vehicle manufacturers, are shown to significantly motivate cathode manufacturers to adopt recycling strategies and encourage pack manufacturers to develop recyclable designs. Additionally, the introduction of EU battery regulations and the integration of cathode manufacturers into carbon trading schemes have been identified as positive catalysts for strategic shifts, especially for cathode manufacturers, while exerting minimal influence on pack manufacturers. This paper elucidates the intricate interaction of the behavioral patterns and key motivators affecting stakeholder strategies in electric vehicle battery recycling. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
Decoding Russian stock market trends through ensemble methods and sentiment analysis of social media. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of sentiment metrics derived from social media on stock market attributes, including returns and trading volumes, within three liquidity classes in the Russian emerging market. In this paper, we conduct a textual analysis of users' posts from two Russian-language online platforms: Tinkoff Pulse and MFD. We compare different artificial intelligence algorithms to solve the problem of classifying large textual data. This allows us to determine that the Stacking ensemble method with unoptimised hyperparameters of the metaclassifier gives the best results when classifying text data (processed with TF-IDF), achievincy of about 62% for the test set. With this method, we construct a series of sentiment metrics for retail investors to study their impact on stock returns and trading volumes. The results show that investor sentiment is a significant factor explaining stock returns in most quantiles. In the process of analysing retail investor sentiment, it was found that attention and divergence indices affect retail investor behaviour for different quantiles of stock returns and trading volumes. For example, attention indicators have quite different effects on stock returns for different quantiles, suggesting the presence of several heterogeneous groups of retail investors. Young traders tend to rely on the opinions of Tinkoff Pulse users regarding first-tier (blue chip) stocks, which reflects investors' cognitive biases quite accurately. However, investors who express confidence in sentiment on the MFD platform have a different cognitive pattern, which is explained by the characterisation of users on the MFD platform. These users include older individuals with more trading experience who are more reticent to social media optimism and are more likely to perceive optimism as a signal to sell stocks. Based on the findings, this paper enhances the understanding of the role of retail investor liquidity in emerging financial markets. The lack of analysis of private investors' sentiment and explanation of market trends may not cover a significant gap in knowledge about the psychology of market participants in liquidity classes. Our results provide a foundation for future research that should be useful for investors, regulators, and developers of online social platforms. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2025.
Decoding market instability: The interplay of attention deficits, internal information risks, and investor sentiment in shaping sustainable investments in Iran’s energy and technology sectors. This study investigates the interplay between investor attention deficits, internal information risks, and sentiment in driving market volatility and hindering sustainable investments in Iran’s energy and technology sectors. Drawing on behavioral finance and sustainable finance theories, we address a critical gap in emerging market literature by examining how cognitive biases and informational asymmetries amplify instability in the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE). Employing a mixed-methods design, we analyze historical TSE data (2015–2023), conduct semi-structured interviews with 30 investors and project managers, and apply advanced models including dynamic panel regression, GARCH, structural equation modeling, and deep neural networks (DNNs). Findings reveal that attention deficits significantly heighten volatility, with an Attention Deficit Index exhibiting strong positive correlations to short- and long-term fluctuations. Internal risks, such as incomplete disclosures and managerial turnover, double the odds of market inefficiency. Investor sentiment mediates 48% of attention deficits’ effects on volatility, while DNNs (89% accuracy) uncover nonlinear interactions between biases and risks. Results demonstrate that behavioral inefficiencies outweigh macroeconomic drivers (e.g., exchange rates, oil prices) in fostering instability, underscoring the need for enhanced transparency and education. This research offers novel insights for policymakers to bolster sustainable transitions aligned with SDGs, extending behavioral models to sanctioned economies. © 2026 Institute of Industrial & System Engineers.
Deep Learning Based Recommendation Algorithm in Online Medical Platform. In recent years, with the rapidly development of Internet and pharmaceutical market, online medical platform has become a major place for online medical trading. Recommendation systems have been widely deployed in commercial platform to improve user experience and sales. Motivated by this, we propose two hybrid recommendation algorithms, CB-CF hybrid algorithm and CNN-based CF algorithm, for B2B medical platform to provide accurate recommendations. We also give a brief introduction of two well-known recommendation algorithms, content-based algorithm and model-based CF algorithm. Then we investigate the performance of recommendation algorithms on Apache Spark and Tensorflow with real-world data collected from a china B2B online medical platform. Experimental results show that the hybrid recommendation algorithm performs better than other algorithms. © 2018, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Deep Reinforcement Learning to Automate Cryptocurrency Trading. This research produces a deep reinforcement learning model for algorithmic trading of cryptocurrencies. The model aims to help traders earn greater profits than using traditional strategies. Although traditional strategies can generate profits, they require considerable knowledge, experience, and time to generate optimal profits. Models are trained to trade on the cryptocurrency market. Model inputs are 1 minute interval candlestick data and technical indicators for the BTC/USDT cryptocurrency pair. The model produces an output in the form of a buy, hold, or sell signal. Models are created with the PPO algorithm and a custom environment that follows the gym interface. The performance of the model is compared to the Buy and Hold strategy. The tests that have been carried out show that the model produced in this study still cannot beat the Buy and Hold strategy. © 2022 IEEE.
DeepClue: Visual interpretation of text-based deep stock prediction. The recent advance of deep learning has enabled trading algorithms to predict stock price movements more accurately. Unfortunately, there is a significant gap in the real-world deployment of this breakthrough. For example, professional traders in their long-term careers have accumulated numerous trading rules, the myth of which they can understand quite well. On the other hand, deep learning models have been hardly interpretable. This paper presents DeepClue, a system built to bridge text-based deep learning models and end users through visually interpreting the key factors learned in the stock price prediction model. We make three contributions in DeepClue. First, by designing the deep neural network architecture for interpretation and applying an algorithm to extract relevant predictive factors, we provide a useful case on what can be interpreted out of the prediction model for end users. Second, by exploring hierarchies over the extracted factors and displaying these factors in an interactive, hierarchical visualization interface, we shed light on how to effectively communicate the interpreted model to end users. Specially, the interpretation separates the predictables from the unpredictables for stock prediction through the use of intercept model parameters and a risk visualization design. Third, we evaluate the integrated visualization system through two case studies in predicting the stock price with financial news and company-related tweets from social media. Quantitative experiments comparing the proposed neural network architecture with state-of-the-art models and the human baseline are conducted and reported. Feedbacks from an informal user study with domain experts are summarized and discussed in details. The study results demonstrate the effectiveness of DeepClue in helping to complete stock market investment and analysis tasks. © 1989-2012 IEEE.
Design Patterns of Investing Apps and Their Effects on Investing Behaviors. Smartphone apps such as Robinhood and Public that promise to "democratize investing"have risen in popularity over the past few years. These apps allow retail investors, who often possess little prior investing experience, to trade stocks, options, and other securities easily and inexpensively, often commission-free. It seems plausible that the interaction patterns of these new apps may significantly influence trading behaviors of their users. But so far, there is little formal design guidance on how such apps should be designed. This paper introduces a set of design guidelines for encouraging healthy investing behaviors by drawing on three bodies of related work: 1) findings from finance and economics literature on healthy investment practices, 2) the dual process theory from behavioral sciences, and 3) design metaphors used in interfaces with uncertain rewards. Using these guidelines, we qualitatively analyze the user interfaces of some popular investment platforms. Our analysis reveal that, unfortunately, popular trading apps generally do not follow design patterns that encourage healthier trading behaviors. We discuss design implications and opportunities for future design. © 2021 Owner/Author.
Design and Application of Financial Market Option Pricing System Based on High-Performance Computing and Deep Reinforcement Learning. The option pricing estimation of financial market can be transformed into the calculation of high-dimensional integrals. In order to obtain the actual price, option pricing system can only rely on modern numerical methods; on the other hand, the improvement of calculation methods and technologies has also shifted the focus of design and application of option pricing system from a strict closed model to a less advanced but computationally intensive calculation. High-performance computing can establish a reasonable analysis model, realistically simulate the effects of various designed performance and parameters, and provide technical support for a large number of fast numerical calculations and simulations. Deep reinforcement learning can obtain a description of empirical knowledge through the learning of historical information and use the acquired experience to deal with future problems, which can well solve classification problems, regression problems, and optimization problems. Therefore, based on summarizing and analyzing previous research results, this paper expounds the current research status and significance of the design and application of financial market option pricing systems, elaborates the development background, current status, and future challenges of high-performance computing and deep reinforcement learning, introduces the methods and principles of high-performance computing platform and deep reinforcement learning algorithm, conducts no-arbitrage pricing model design, performs risk-neutral pricing model design, discusses the design of finance market option pricing system based on high-performance computing and deep reinforcement learning, analyzes the financial market option pricing considering random interest rates, implements financial market option pricing considering transaction costs, explores the application of financial market option pricing system based on high-performance computing and deep reinforcement learning, and finally carries out empirical experiment and its result analysis. The study results show that the financial market option pricing system based on high-performance computing and deep reinforcement learning records the basic information of high-performance computer system users and option pricing information in the form of relational data in a relational database. The financial market option pricing system describes the state of the controller and the upcoming option pricing situation. The system's initialization uses multiple arrays from a stochastic strategy to initialize option pricing and evaluation buffers, which uniformly selects an option pricing from the initial option pricing set in each cycle. The study results of this paper provide a reference for further researches on the design and application of financial market option pricing system based on high-performance computing and deep reinforcement learning. © 2022 Chenchen Song.
Design and Implementation of Small Commodity Trading System. Nowadays, the way people buy small commodities is not limited to physical stores, and most of them prefer the Internet to buy those items. Therefore, the design and implementation of small commodity system have made the management of small commodities more and more professional and institutionalized. The system not only provides consumers with the opportunity to choose goods, but offers an online sales platform to businesses as well. The system is designed with the framework JSP and SSM, based on the MySQL database, which includes the functions of foreground user and background administrator. Foreground functions contain commodity search, commodity query, user login and registration, shopping cart added, placing orders, modifying personal information, etc. And background functions consist of commodity classification, commodity management, customer list management, order list management and other functions. The system’s relatively perfect functions make its shopping environment more humanized, professional and transparent, which will bring better consumption experiences to consumers. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Design and Implementation of Tibetan Online Trading System Based on iOS Platform. This article aims at to design the online version of the Tibetan trading system for the iOS system and make a basic exposition of the system requirements analysis, basic design and implementation, system testing and so on, so as to realize the Tibetan users' shopping Function on the iPhone and iPad terminals, so that users get more convenient and efficient shopping experience. © 2018 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.
Design and Validation of a Smart Neuromorphic System Architecture for Algorithmic Trading. This study proposes a neuromorphic computing architecture specifically designed for high-frequency financial trading, addressing the limitations of traditional computing platforms in ultra-low latency, energy efficiency, and system reliability. The designed heterogeneous neuromorphic system integrates Intel Loihi 2 and IBM TrueNorth chips, enabling ultra-fast market data processing and decision-making through spiking neural networks. The system architecture comprises a front-end data acquisition layer, a neuromorphic processing layer, and a decision execution layer, employing an event-driven computing paradigm to significantly reduce power consumption. The computational acceleration framework developed in this study is optimized for finance-specific algorithms, including graph convolutional networks for market microstructure analysis and hybrid LSTM-CNN models for liquidity assessment. The proposed fault-tolerant mechanism ensures continuous operation during partial hardware failures through redundant design and dynamic task redistribution. The system integrates real-time audit trail functionality compliant with regulatory requirements and features dedicated interfaces for compatibility with existing trading infrastructure. This system delivers a low-latency, energy-efficient, and highly reliable computational platform for high-frequency trading, offering a novel technical pathway for building intelligent infrastructure in financial markets. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Design and implementation of a program trading platform for futures. With the increase of trading volume and frequency in futures market, manual trading is unable to meet the requirements of investors in many cases. Meanwhile, program trading has advantages of quick reaction and objectivity, which is suitable for realizing complex trading strategies. Therefore, we proposed a program trading platform for futures, making it possible for investors to realize their strategies by programs and execute them automatically. The platform consists of four layers of interface, processing, strategy and user. In the processing layer, we designed an event-driven engine as the processing core of the platform to ensure high instantaneity, stability and concurrency. Then we explained how users realize and manage their trading strategies in the strategy layer. After optimizing the design, we implemented the program trading platform and did system testing on it. The results show that the platform can access the exchanges through the Internet to trade futures, and can achieve our objectives in instantaneity, stability and concurrency. © 2019 IEEE.
Design and implementation of a second-hand items trading platform based on Android. With the continuous improvement of 4G communication technologies and the popularity of smart mobile devices, the mobile Internet quickly involves into the people's life and work, and more and more users are accustomed to using mobile phones, tablet PCs and other mobile devices for shopping and consumption. But these goods purchased online will result in the problem of idle items at home. Therefore, in order to achieve convenient, fast transaction of second-hand items, a second-hand items electronic trading platform based on the Android platform was developed in the paper. In the process of constructing the platform, functional requirements of the system were analyzed. The MVP architectural pattern was utilized to design the system structure, and finally the software of second-hand items trading platform was implemented. The system has the characteristics of better maintainability and oriented programming interface. © 2016 IEEE.
Design and implementation of an intelligent sports management system (ISMS) using wireless sensor networks. In recent years, growth in technology has significantly impacted various industries, including sports, health, e-commerce, and agriculture. Among these industries, the sports sector is experiencing significant transformation, which needs support in accurately monitoring athlete predicting and performance injuries arising due to traditional methods’ limitations. Keeping the above in mind, in this article, we present the Intelligent Sports Management System (ISMS) with the integration of wireless sensor networks (WSNs) and neural networks (NNs), which enhance athlete monitoring and injury prediction. Our proposed ISMS consists of several layers: user interface, business logic layer, data management layer, integration layer, analytics and AI layer, IoT layer, and security layer. To facilitate interactions for athletes, coaches, and administrators, our planned ISMS integrates a user-friendly interface accessible through web and mobile applications. Besides, scheduling and event management are managed by the business logic layer. Similarly, the data management layer can process and store comprehensive data from various sources. To ensure smooth data exchange, the integration layer connects the ISMS with third-party services, and the analytics and AI layer leverages machine learning to provide actionable insights on performance and outcomes. In addition, the IoT layer collects real-time data from sensors and wearable devices, which is essential for performance analysis and injury prevention. Finally, the security layer ensures data integrity and confidentiality with robust encryption and access controls. To evaluate the system performance in different scenarios, we performed many experiments, which show that the proposed ISMS model shows the system efficacy in improving accuracy (0.94), specificity (0.97), recall (0.91), precision (0.93), F1 score (0.95), mean absolute error (MAE) (0.6), mean square error (MSE) (0.8), and root mean square error (RMSE) (0.9), compared to traditional methods. From these results, it is clear that our suggested approach improves athlete performance monitoring, injury prevention plans, and training schedules by presenting a complete and novel solution for recent sports management. © 2025 Zhu Distributed under Creative Commons CC-BY 4.0
Design and implementation of an open-Source IoT and blockchain-based peer-to-peer energy trading platform using ESP32-S2, Node-Red and, MQTT protocol. An open-source P2P energy trading platform facilitates energy trading amongst the peers. The proposed system provides real time data acquisition, monitoring and control of self-generated energy at a remote location. The trading activities are done on a web interface that uses a private Ethereum blockchain. A smart contract is deployed on the Ethereum blockchain and the trading activities performed on the web interface are recorded on a tamper-proof blockchain network. An internet of things platform is used to monitor and control the self-generated energy. Energy data is collected and processed by means of ESP32-S2 microcontrollers using field instrumentation devices which are connected to the voltage source and load. An open-source decentralized Peer-to-Peer (P2P) energy trading system, designed on the blockchain and internet of things (IoT) architecture is proposed. The hardware setup includes a relay, a current sensor, a voltage sensor, a Wi-Fi router and ESP32-S2 microcontroller. For data transfer the Message Queuing Telemetry Transport (MQTT) protocol is used over a local network. ESP32-S2 is set up as MQTT client and Node-Red IoT server is used as MQTT broker. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (http) request method is implemented to connect the Node-Red server with the web interface developed using React.JS library. The system design, implementation, testing, and results are presented in this paper. © 2021 The Authors
Design and implementation of visual analysis system based on network retail. Nowadays, the e-commerce industry is developing rapidly, and online shopping has become the mainstream consumption mode. Online shopping order data, online shopping user data, online shopping product preference data, online retail industry has produced a variety of data. Therefore, we can study the overall situation of China's online retail market, analyze online retail data, and deeply explore and predict the development of online retail industry. Therefore, a powerful online retail visual analysis system is needed to integrate e-commerce data and visually show the connection and value of data through rich and diverse dynamic interactive charts. This system can analyze and monitor the national network retail market and provide service and support for the economic development of network retail industry. From the perspective of the data analysis staff of the e-commerce center, this paper will use the unique e-commerce data of the platform, combined with emerging technologies and tools in the big data environment, propose a visual analysis scheme based on online retail data, and finally design a set of online retail visualization and analysis system to realize the dynamic interaction of visual large-screen charts. Diversity of data display and multidimensional analysis..Data visualization libraries, such as Python's Matplotlib. Seaborn, or JavaScript's D3.js, are used to present the analyzed and processed data in the form of intuitive charts. This system can help internal analysts to understand the data more intuitively and accurately, analyze the data in multiple dimensions and granularity, predict the future trend of online retail, and dig the meaning of the value behind the data. Build a set of network retail visual analysis system with good security, stability and high availability. © 2025 SPIE.
Design intelligence of web application for Internet direct consumer-to-consumer trading. An online web application called Student-Trade has been developed. It is a state-of-the-art platform for direct consumer-to-consumer trading in the Internet. The platform is targeted for direct consumer-to-consumer trading among university students. The items for trading include books, household items, electronics, housing rental, sports equipment and tutoring services. This paper is on the design intelligence of the Student-Trade web application. One objective is to help the user to decide on the selling price of his item when the item is being posted in the web application. The system integrates a hybrid neighborhood search algorithm for determining the price of sale item when it is placed for trading in the Internet. Data mining techniques are explored for efficient processing of a vast amount of information in the database tables. In addition, the trading system would also have the intelligence of recommending items or products to a potential buyer given the previous purchase patterns. The aim is to provide a pleasant trading experience for the user. © 2015 IEEE.
Design of Business Middle Platform of Power Trading Platform; 电力交易平台业务中台设计研究. With the deepening of the construction of the power market, the emerging of power trading business and the developing of information technology, the traditional monolithic architecture of the power trading platform has not been able to meet the users' requirements. A business middle platform needs to be introduced to optimize and update the power trading platform. This paper, with the internet enterprises' experience and combining with the features of the power trading business, proposes a scheme of design with the business middle platform, including the division of ability center, the service identification and the operation mechanism. There are also practices in this paper to show the improvement brought by the business middle platform. © 2021, Power System Technology Press. All right reserved.
Design of a Smart Wireless Home Automation System using Fusion of IoT and Machine Learning over Cloud Environment. Internet of Things (IoT) is an arrangement of interconnected processing gadgets where everything, including each actual article, can be associated making those objects keen, codable and fit for communicating with people. In the current era of technology where huge amount of data producing every day, IoT and its real-world applications for making smart communication between human and machines as well as between machines can lead to drastic change in the world. Huge amount of data generated from the utilization of smart devices over the years by users but still this information hasn't been used well within the past. Proposed framework centers around the advancement of home mechanization framework in view of web of things which permits the client to computerize every one of the gadgets and machines of home and consolidation them to give consistent command over each side of individual's home. The information can be utilized to foresee the client's conduct custom with the advancement of an AI calculation, and afterward the forecast outcomes can be utilized to upgrade the mental fortitude of a shrewd home framework. The designed framework gives the sensor information as well as interaction it as per the necessity, for instance lights will get turn on when it gets dim and it permits the client to control the family gadgets from anyplace. The sensor data will send over Wi-Fi module using cloud system and then decision regarding the output of the electronic device will be taken by using decision tree. It is utilized to accomplish the powered control as well as neighborhood information trading which give the UI, storing every data relating to the particular house, and inquiry the capacity data of a singular home apparatus. The requirement of enhancement in the sensible home technology is critical because of the meagerness of smart home applications that outfit to many aspects of the house at the same time, i.e., automation, security, safety, and reducing energy consumption victimization less information measure, computation, and cost. The proposed system has been built properly with required hardware arrangement as well as tested for a number of times which results in almost expected outcomes in scalable and flexible manner. © 2022 IEEE.
Design of an Enterprise Financial Information Management System Based Virtual Reality for Hypertext System Interactive Devices. Complete inventory and human resource management are becoming more prevalent in the enterprise management platform. When it comes to rethinking the role of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) in driving change in global banking, the current financial crisis and its effects have us thinking again. The inventory management system is a resource allocation platform based on information technology applications that benefit from sophisticated and comprehensive management concepts to offer planning and operational applications for company managers and staff. Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality (VR/AR) technologies are examined in this chapter for their potential to assist the dynamics of financial systems and to overcome the problems provided by unforeseen events and crises. Node-based mobility in VR locomotion systems mimics hypertext system exploration and browsing behaviors. As a result, measurements of hypertext usability, such as "lostness," can be used to determine how bewildered users are while performing assignments in a financial management system. Enterprise systems have some inefficiencies and other situations. Management accounting (MA) responsibilities need high-quality data, which information systems (IS) supply. Although IS can vary greatly between companies, it could impact the logical decision-making foundation (i.e., data quality). The goal of the Information Management System based on Transfer Learning (IMS-TL) is to research the effect of IS quality on data quality in MA and examine the variables that might affect IS quality in MA. Due to the rapid development of the information and knowledge economies in today's situation, this paper examines the application of Enterprise systems in businesses to examine the ERP system's planning and control ideas, ideas, and the idea of internal control for businesses. Virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR) are used in various financial sectors. Consists of a virtual reality character displaying international financial data from multiple worldwide financial institutions educationally and interactively. Virtual reality (VR) is being used in financial trading to help users better understand the complexities of the financial market. It is critical for internal and external transactions to have a fair value assessment system. Relative valuation approaches need historical financial data and certain market multipliers and do not consider non-financial information included in the paper. Traditional value evaluation methodologies cannot get meaningful financial information for startup firms since they are often listed before making a profit. A text-based Enterprise Value Assessment System (EVAS) is proposed to extract characteristics from non-financial data. K is then predicted using two neural network-based models to enhance the P/B relative value technique. We evaluate the possibilities of AR/VR technology to improve the public's perception of the financial situation (including financial risk). With this chapter's overview and study plan, we hope to identify new methods to enhance public awareness of financial health and risk and prevent catastrophic catastrophes. According to this analysis, value evaluation for beginning enterprises can be improved by adding non-financial text information to our system. © 2024 U-turn Press LLC.
Design of data mining algorithm based on rough entropy for us stock market abnormality. The economic interaction between the countries of the world is gradually strengthening. Among them, the US stock market is a 'barometer' of the global economy, which has a huge impact on the global economy. Therefore, it is of great significance to study the data in the US stock market, especially the data mining algorithm of abnormal data. At present, although data mining technology has achieved many research results in the financial field, it has not formed a good research system for time series data in stock market anomalies. According to the actual performance and data characteristics of the stock market anomaly, this paper uses data mining techniques to find the abnormal data in the stock market data, and uses the isolated point detection method based on density and distance to analyze the obtained abnormal data to obtain its implicit useful information. However, due to the defects of traditional data mining algorithms in dealing with stock market anomalies containing uncertain factors, that is, the errors caused by other human factors, this paper introduces the roughening entropy of the uncertainty data and applies its theory to the field of data mining, a data mining algorithm based on rough entropy in the US stock market anomaly is designed. Finally, the empirical analysis of the algorithm is carried out. The experimental results show that the data mining algorithm based on rough entropy proposed in this paper can effectively detect the abnormal fluctuation of time series in the stock market. © 2020-IOS Press and the authors.
Design of flexible hardware accelerators for image convolutions and transposed convolutions. Nowadays, computer vision relies heavily on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to perform complex and accurate tasks. Among them, super-resolution CNNs represent a meaningful example, due to the presence of both convolutional (CONV) and transposed convolutional (TCONV) layers. While the former exploit multiply-and-accumulate (MAC) operations to extract features of interest from incoming feature maps (fmaps), the latter perform MACs to tune the spatial resolution of the received fmaps properly. The ever-growing real-time and low-power requirements of modern computer vision applications represent a stimulus for the research community to inves-tigate the deployment of CNNs on well-suited hardware platforms, such as field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). FPGAs are widely recognized as valid candidates for trading off computa-tional speed and power consumption, thanks to their flexibility and their capability to also deal with computationally intensive models. In order to reduce the number of operations to be performed, this paper presents a novel hardware-oriented algorithm able to efficiently accelerate both CONVs and TCONVs. The proposed strategy was validated by employing it within a reconfigurable hardware accelerator purposely designed to adapt itself to different operating modes set at run-time. When characterized using the Xilinx XC7K410T FPGA device, the proposed accelerator achieved a throughput of up to 2022.2 GOPS and, in comparison to state-of-the-art competitors, it reached an energy efficiency up to 2.3 times higher, without compromising the overall accuracy. © 2021 by the authors. Li-censee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Design of multi-language trading system of ethnic characteristic agricultural products based on android. Under the current situation where Internet technology develops rapidly, mobile E-commerce technology has brought great convenience to our life. Now, the graphical user interface (GUI) of most E-commerce platforms only supports Chinese. Thus, the development of Android client of E-commerce that supports ethnic languages owns a great prospect. The principle that combines front end design and database technology is adopted in this paper to construct the Android client system of E-commerce platforms that supports ethnic languages, which realizes the displaying, browsing, querying, searching, trading and other functions of ethnic characteristic agricultural products on android platforms. © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
Designing Trading Strategies with LLMs: A DSL-Driven Framework Using In-Context Learning. Large Language Models (LLMs) offer a promising approach to enhancing traditional financial tools with intuitive interfaces. However, in financial trading, particularly in Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) strategies, the need for precision, interpretability, and reliability limits their direct application due to challenges like inefficiencies and hallucinations. This study introduces a two-stage framework that uses a domain-specific language (DSL) as an intermediary. Natural language inputs are converted into DSL through in-context learning (ICL) and then translated into general-purpose programming languages. This method improves computational efficiency, reduces manual intervention, and ensures clear interpretability. Experiments show the framework achieves a 95.3% match rate in mapping trading logic to DSL. The study also explores the impact of DSL design and LLM selection, demonstrating the framework's applicability beyond finance. By integrating ICL and DSL, this framework offers a scalable, cost-effective solution for linking natural language processing with financial strategy execution, advancing automated trading systems. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2025.
Developing and deploying remote access infrastructure for global equipment support. With the implementation phase of the 2004 International Convention for the Control of Ships' Ballast Water and Sediments having commenced in September 2017, the need to install and operate Ballast Water Management Systems [BWMS] aboard actively trading vessels is a requirement for the marine industry. As the ability to move ballast water is vital to shipboard operations, it is of critical importance that the installed BWMS possess a support network capable of providing prompt and effective response to system malfunction thereby preventing unscheduled vessel operational delays and expensive consequences. By developing and deploying an infrastructure for remote access to customers, field-service personnel, and installed BWMS equipment, manufacturers may implement vast improvements in the economics, organization, and safety of their support networks. This paper offers a brief introduction to the context of the International Maritime Organization (IMO) D2 standard, expands on challenges associated with traditional approaches to shipboard equipment support, elucidates methods for implementing remote access technologies as solutions for efficient field support, and explores the real-world applications/capabilities of utilizing such technology. Additionally, this paper highlights the incumbent need for all ships’ equipment to be designed with digitization in mind to improve operability and enable remote troubleshooting and maintenance in real-time. © © 2020 Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers (SNAME).
Developing arbitrage strategy in high-frequency pairs trading with filterbank cnn algorithm. Pairs trading is a statistical arbitrage strategy, which selects a set of assets with similar performance and produces profits during these asset prices far away from rational equilibrium. Once this phenomenon exists, traders can earn the spread by longing the underperforming asset and shorting the outperforming asset. This paper proposed a novel intelligent high-frequency pairs trading system in Taiwan Stock Index Futures (TX) and Mini Index Futures (MTX) market based on deep learning techniques. This research utilized the improved time series visualization method to transfer historical volatilities with different time frames into 2D images which are helpful in capturing arbitrage signals. Moreover, this research improved convolutional neural networks (CNN) model by combining the financial domain knowledge and filterbank mechanism. We proposed Filterbank CNN to extract high-quality features by replacing the random-generating filters with the arbitrage knowledge filters. In summary, the accuracy is enhanced through the proposed method, and it proves that the integrated information technology and financial knowledge could create the better pairs trading system. © 2018 IEEE.
Development and Design of an Intelligent Financial Asset Management System Based on Big Data Analysis and Kubernetes. The rise of deep learning in the financial field has led to the integration of artificial intelligence and investment, providing users with intelligent investment decisions. However, the data volume of financial market continues to expand, traditional data processing methods can no longer meet the needs of efficiency and accuracy. This article focuses on deep reinforcement learning algorithms and delves into key issues such as stock price prediction, investment portfolios, and algorithmic trading. By comparing and analyzing the experimental results, not only was the performance of the model evaluated, but also the actual effect of the algorithm output was deeply explored. At the same time, drawing on Kubernetes container orchestration and microservice technology, a high concurrency and high-performance distributed financial data analysis system was constructed. This system not only meets the needs of users for real-time data analysis and deep learning, but also provides more reasonable investment suggestions for users. The contribution of this article lies in introducing deep reinforcement learning to solve nonlinear data problems in the financial field, proposing intelligent asset management methods, and designing a feasible intelligent financial asset management system, providing new ideas and practical experience for the further development of financial data analysis platforms. © 2024 The Authors.
Development and Utilisation of Technologies to Support Human Life in the New Adaptation Era. The technology breakthroughs have opened up unlimited potential to re-imagine and create innovations and applications that can better support human life. Due to the characteristics of the new technologies, the new innovation often disrupts the communication manner, standard development, production, trading and the entire logistics chain. The disruption is compounded by impacts caused by other global development including the climate change and COVID-19 pandemic. Social and economic structures of society have changed and the future is filled with uncertainties. Rapid adoption of technologies to achieve full digital transformation is deemed to be the solution to curb the disruption of existing structures and practices especially after the outbreak of the virus pandemic in 2019. Users and markets are demanding for new innovations to be created fast to revolutionise applications and user experiences in all sectors and aspects of human activities. This paper quoted some successful applications created using 21st century frontier technologies for better human life and its potential economic impacts. Based on the macro-level surveys done by the United Nation, consultancy firms and some industry intelligence platforms, this paper examined the level of technological adoption in digital transformation across the world, development and users' requirement of digital systems in this new adaptation era. This paper highlighted that adoption of technology for digital transformation is not only about technology, but new characteristics of the systems, policies and strategies adopted are equally important to ensure the success in the utilisation of technology for the betterment of human life. © 2023 American Institute of Physics Inc.. All rights reserved.
Development of Augmented Reality Application for Online Trial shopping. One of the industries with the fastest global growth is e-commerce. These e-commerce websites use artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies to enhance the user experience on their website and mobile applications. However, because of the color or size inconsistencies of the supplied products, customers are still dissatisfied with them. A next-generation technology called augmented reality-based online shopping platforms gives consumers of e-commerce website platforms a very immersive experience. In this project, a virtual try-on that is based on augmented reality is created so that users can virtually sample things before purchasing them. This will decrease consumer dissatisfaction and improve platform user experiences. This paper suggests a straightforward yet powerful augmented reality (AR)-based e-commerce application created with Unity. The suggested technique places the clothing virtually on the human body using the Face Tracking Methodology. © 2022 IEEE.
Development of Distribution Management System with Affiliate System of EVOGUE Platform; การพัฒนาระบบการบริหารจัดการผู้จัดจำาหน่ายและกระจายสินค้า ด้วยรูปแบบแพลตฟอร์มของอีโว้ค. Background and Objectives: The present research aimed to study the design and development of a Distribution Management System (DMS) for beauty and cosmetic industries by analyzing customer behavior in terms of spending through online channels in order to reduce risk and business competition. Customer relationships, brand owner and distributors were focused by presenting the values of products through an online trading platform. The objective was indeed to develop the EVOGUE online platform, which is a prototype storage platform for managing and analyzing data for distributors and customers who make orders through the system by using an Affiliate System model. Moreover, the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) and UX/UI techniques were used to evaluate the system's capabilities from user perception. Methodology: Mixed method research was used to perform the structure design. The operating system of the platform consists of a distribution system, work support system and distributor management system (Affiliate System). The ability of the system in terms of its accessibility when moving from TRL 5 to TRL 7 was assessed. Moreover, the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) was adopted to evaluate perceptions of technology and user experience. 129 sample groups who had experience in trying out the Affiliate System were assigned as the participants of the study. Questionnaire structure consists of demographic information, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, user satisfaction and attitude toward the use of the system. Focus Group was used to evaluate usability in terms of perceived usefulness and user satisfaction. Five entrepreneurs who had knowledge, understanding and work experience in cosmetic distribution were interviewed to gain important information from the perspective of usability design. Main Results: The design results can be divided into 3 main parts. The first part is the online distribution system, which is a central system for selling and paying for products. The second part is the work support system, while the third part involved the Affiliate System, Sales Reports, Sales Calculations and Distributor Information Management System. The platform was tested based on the results of developmental and trial use as well as the results on system's capabilities evaluation, which was performed through system verification, test cases and evaluation of the expected results of the main functions of the platform. The data were then analyzed to evaluate and improve platform utilization. The technology acceptance level exhibited a mean value of 4.06, while the standard deviation (S.D.) was noted to be 0.816. Conclusions: The main results of the present research involve the design of the structure and working model of a distribution channel management system platform with distributor agent management system. The system was tested and evaluated and successfully passed at TRL 7. The platform works through the system architecture in conjunction with operations and data flow, which connects brand owner and affiliator together. Practical Application: The results lead to an improvement of user interface (UI) design and creation of a standard of usability and better user experience (UX) of a beauty and cosmetic affiliate platform. © 2025, School of Liberal Arts, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi. All rights reserved.
Development of a Tool for Sizing and Technical–Financial Analysis of Energy-Storage Systems Using Batteries. In this article, an innovative approach is presented to the sizing and technical–economic analysis of battery energy-storage systems (BESS) designed for customers in the free energy market in Brazil. The tool enables the integration of photovoltaic (PV) energy sources and includes a comparison between the BESS + PV system and diesel generators. Integrating the computational capabilities of Microsoft Excel in the backend and the intuitive interface of PowerApps in the front end, the sizing process is based on analyzing historical energy invoices spanning at least 12 months or loading data with a 1 h measurement interval. The data discretization over the 8760 h of the year, considering the consumer's load profile, is facilitated by the PowerApps interface, providing a comprehensive visualization of the technical-economic sizing results for BESS. A case study is conducted for a commercial load with a specific tariff for free energy market customers, revealing viable solutions for BESS compared to diesel alternatives. In this approach, it is aimed to simplify the analysis and decision-making process, offering a valuable tool for power system engineers to evaluate sustainable and economically viable solutions in the Brazilian free energy market. © 2024 The Authors. Energy Technology published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Development of an Online Laguna Agricultural Trading Center. Purpose - The purpose of the study is to develop a system that can be used as an alternative channel to improve the marketability of farm products of framers in Laguna. Method - The proponent used two research methodologies. First is the software development which utilized the Agile Software Development. Second is the descriptive research which involved the determination of the acceptability of the software's usability both by the farmers and the consumers. In this phase a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods was used. Results - The proponent developed the Online Laguna Agricultural Trading Center. The system is an e-commerce website that will serve as an alternative channel of marketing the farmers' products. It will also provide the farmer an easy and economical way of managing some of its business process. Through its Short Message Service capability, the farmer can handle customer inquiries and update inventory of products and prices economically and easily. Based on evaluation, the farmers agreed, “it is easy to find information I needed”, while the buyer agreed that “the system is simple to use”. Conclusion - Based on the findings, the proponent concluded that the developed system can be used as a channel to improve the marketability of farm products of farmers of Laguna. Recommendation - Future researchers may look into the development of its own short messaging services that will not rely on third-party gateways. This will make its implementation less costly on the part of the Administrator. Adding of optional online payment transaction is also encouraged so that big farms who can afford to tie-up with payment centers may be able to do so. Implications - E-commerce is not a new technology. However, there are no systems that directly resolved the problems of farmers. This paper reveals the real problems of farmers in the Philippines including their willingness to embrace technology that will improve their ability to gain income from their produce. © 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Discussion on the live broadcast of social media and e-commerce. In recent years, online e-commerce in Taiwan has been widely used by brand owners (advertisers). Live e-commerce has been widely used to be brands communication to consumers due to the popularization of a large number of social media platforms. Communication contents between brands and consumers has a significant increased their sales, and social media communication changed beyond just texts but though the experiences and trusts presented by live broadcasters. E-commerce has become one of the most popular and dependent channels for purchasing. However, when a large number of products are exposed on the Internet, online marketing is an important key to the overall marketing strategy of enterprises. The use of online marketing to promote brand, message delivery, market research, customer relations, customer service, sales channels and promotional programs have become important means of Internet marketing. In recent years, the continuous growth of e-commerce has also changed the trading behavior of consumers and brands. The Internet has driven real-time transactions. This kind of trading behavior without time and place restrictions will continue to build on good brand values and customer relationship. This study explores the actual operation of social media by brand owners (advertisers) and the field operators of e-commerce. Due to the proliferation of media marketing, excessive online advertising, bloggers unboxing videos, testimonies, Google simulcasts, keywords, etc., advertising methods including artists and celebrities endorsements have made consumers ubiquitously passive and actively see these advertisements exposed. Thus consumers have begun to gradually lose the intensity of their trust in the media. The use of social media to make brands trustworthy, and consistently maintain a high degree of attachment have always been an important tool and format in the marketing process. The e-commerce live broadcast uses social media platform to give e-commerce a sense of experience and trust. Using real experience and dictation, the characteristics and key advantages of the product and its own experience directly and indirectly give consumers an expected sense of identity. E-commerce transactions have increased the use of social media to generate trading behavior. This study first describes the influence of social media (Facebook) on brand owners and consumers, and then defines the actual effects of social media usage tools, especially the live broadcast (store direct broadcast) introducing the goods sold to consumers. The resulting differentiated trust explores the credibility of e-commerce using live broadcasts on social media, and also explores customer relationships simultaneously, directly and indirectly affecting the trust and difficulty of consumers' final purchase behavior, while researching cases show that the brand and social media generated by the live economy are innovative in the ultimate sales trust. © 2019 International Consortium for Electronic Business. All rights reserved.
Distributed control strategy of a microgrid community with an energy router. In this study, a 'microgrid community' (MGC) consisting of multiple microgrids (MGs) is investigated. Each MG is a self-governed entity and independently decides how much power is in need or can provide. Neighbouring MGs are aggregated by a multi-terminal energy router (ER), forming a MGC, which is then connected to the distribution network at one terminal. Other terminals are connected to those MGs and all terminals share a common DC link. A concise trading mechanism is proposed to coordinate the involved MGs. Every MG submits its power requirement to the ER in real time and the ER decides how much to accept, fully or with a discount, according to the DC-link voltage level. Meanwhile, a price stimulation mechanism based on the DC-link voltage deviation is designed to exploit the potential of the MGs in power generation and consumption. The ER has no central controllers and the proposed bargaining process is achieved at each terminal without mutual communications. The control strategy is fully distributed and will benefit the scalability and plug-and-play of such an MGC. Simulation results are provided to validate the proposed solution for the operation of multi-microgrid systems. © The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2018.
Distributed ledger technologies for peer-to-peer energy trading. The increasing integration of prosumers and smart metering devices into the energy distribution network, is transforming the traditional energy market to a community energy trading that requires peer-to-peer (P2P) interactions. Such P2P interactions result in complex data exchanges among prosumers, utility grid, and market operators. This inevitably introduces control complexity, security, and privacy challenges in the existing power system. The application of distributed ledger technology (DLT) has seen an increase in solving security challenges in the power network, specifically, in P2P energy exchanges. Thus, this study explores different DLT structures including blockchain and IOTA usage in energy P2P trading. A smart contract for managing trust and transactions is designed and implemented on IBM hyperledger fabric platform. In addition, we evaluated the performance of interconnected internet of things devices for energy transactions with IOTA protocol, which uses the directed acyclic graph as its DLT structure, against the Ethereum-based blockchain structure. It is shown that the end-to-end transaction delay with the IOTA DLT is lower than the Ethereum-based DLT implementation. © 2020 IEEE.
Does network governance based on banks’ e-commerce platform facilitate supply chain financing?. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework to illustrate how network governance based on banks’ e-commerce platform reduces loan risks and mitigates credit rationing in supply chain financing (SCF). Design/methodology/approach: The authors conceptualize network governance in terms of authority structure and interorganizational mechanism dimensions, and derive the model of its determinants through arguments drawn from the existing literature. Structural equation modeling is employed to test the theoretical model on data collected from a sample of 271 independent supply chain trading partners in rural China. Findings: The findings indicate that network governance based on banks’ e-commerce platform could integrate the operations and finances in supply chain management to solve the problems of information asymmetry, costly monitoring, insufficient qualified collaterals and mitigate farmers’ credit rationing. The collaborative credit-granting mechanism and collaborative debt enforcement mechanism formed by the authority structure and interorganizational mechanisms are the key factors to realize the complete compatibility of incentives. The bank e-commerce platform can provide a foundation for the authority structure and interorganizational mechanisms to enhance the predictability of applicants’ transaction and then safeguard the financial exchanges in supply chain. Practical implications: The research results indicate that it is important to support farmers to establish long-term transaction relationships with leading enterprises through organizational innovation in the development of agricultural industrialization and build a visualization platform for SCF through technological innovation. Originality/value: This paper contributes to the limited knowledge about network governance mechanisms in SCF by illustrating the model of network governance based on banks’ e-commerce platform and its determinants. © 2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Does social media information affect individual investor disposition effect? Evidence from Xueqiu. The irrational behavior of investors selling profitable assets too early while holding onto losing assets for too long is known as the disposition effect. Due to the development of the Internet, the information environment for individual investors has been greatly improved. As an important source of information for individual investors, whether social media can improve investors’ behavioral biases and return to rational expectations is a question worth studying. Based on the post data and actual trading data of the social investment platform Xueqiu.com, this paper studies the impact of social media information on the disposition effect of individual investors. The research results show that social media information can significantly reduce the disposition effect. Furthermore, it is through negative information that social media information reduces the disposition effect. When presented with negative information, individual investors will gradually become more rational in adjusting their positions. At the individual level, factors such as investment experience, users followed, region, and gender can all influence the effectiveness of the information acquired by individual investors in reducing the disposition effect. © 2025 Chen, Ren. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Double-Sided Bidding Mechanism for Resource Sharing in Mobile Cloud. Recently, a new architecture regarding a crowd of mobile devices as mobile cloud has been proposed, where the neighboring mobile devices are pooled together for resource sharing. Most existing works focus on mobile cloud framework design and assume that the nearby users are willing to share their resources. Since each user is rational and self-interested, a proper market mechanism is needed to incentivize users to participate and allocate resources among multiple users. In this paper, we consider a broker-based mobile cloud, where multiple supplying users have idle resources to share, and multiple demanding users suffer from resource limitations. We propose and analyze a double-sided bidding mechanism where each demanding user submits a bid to choose a demand resource-price function, and each supplying user submits a bid to choose a supply resource-price function. We consider the cases with price-taking users and price-anticipating users who would anticipate the influence of their own bids on the price, respectively. For the case with price-taking users, we first show that the proposed mechanism admits a unique competitive equilibrium that maximizes the social welfare of the mobile cloud and then develop an optimal distributed algorithm to achieve the desired equilibrium point. For the case with price-anticipating users, we first formulate the interaction among multiple users as a strategic game and prove the existence and uniqueness of the Nash equilibrium and then develop a distributed algorithm to compute the Nash equilibrium. Numerical results validate the efficacy of our proposed algorithms and illustrate that the social welfare achieved at the Nash equilibrium is very close to the optimal social welfare. © 2016 IEEE.
Dual-Level Resource Provisioning and Heterogeneous Auction for Mobile Metaverse. The development of the mobile Metaverse has garnered increasing attention in the next-generation Internet, fueled by the rapid advancements of mobile Internet, communication, and computing technologies. With the resource limitations faced by mobile Metaverse users (MUs), the mobile Metaverse market is flourishing. This market enables MUs to access high-quality immersive experiences by trading resources with Metaverse service providers (MSPs) across geographically distributed resource pools. However, the mobile Metaverse market still faces several challenges, including the hierarchical mobile Metaverse service structure, temporal dependencies, and heterogeneous incentive mechanisms. To address these problems, this paper proposes a dual-level resources trading approach for mobile Metaverse based on blockchain. This approach employs a dual-level structure consisting of resource provisioning and heterogeneous auction mechanisms. Specifically, we formulate the resource provisioning as a temporal-dependent average delay minimization problem at the low level. To solve this low-level problem, we introduce a novel algorithm called LyDif, which leverages Lyapunov optimization techniques and diffusion models. At the high level, we propose a price-guided double dutch auction (PG-DDA) mechanism to match heterogeneous resources and determine pricing strategies. The PG-DDA smart contract is deployed on a consortium blockchain platform, facilitating resource trading management and transaction monitoring. Based on a real trace of edge-cloud service requests, our experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed scheme in achieving optimal latency and social welfare. © 2024 IEEE.
Early engagement collaboration to evaluate business opportunities in crude trading industry. The objective of this paper is to present a comprehensive methodology to perform an initial evaluation of market size and potential value of a new hydrocarbon's transportation and commercialization network in Mexico. The methodology is based in an integrated multi-domain evaluation from geoscience and reservoir engineering to facilities design and economics; covering four main aspects: 1) Confirmation of reserves and estimated resources, 2)Generation of production forecasts, 3) Pipeline network design for two sales terminals and 4) design plot of sales terminals with processing facilities to handle expected production. The four aspects are supported by an economic evaluation with multiple tariff scenarios for varied break-even and profitability targets. The initial confirmation of reserves and resources for more than 70 fields spanning greenfields and brownfields alongside with exploration areas yielded the basis for the analysis which was supported on statistical analysis of analogue fields combined with a geological interpretation of the target basins. Production forecasts from multiple scenarios grouped by region and nationwide confirmed expected production input into the newly proposed transportation network which was compared against forecast from some of the operators with a reasonable match. Pipeline network design for heavy and light crude with flow assurance considerations provided the pipelines diameters and length to consider for the economic case and the inlet pressure for two terminals. Finally, the design plot of the facilities required at the terminals allowed to size land and infrastructure requirements at a pre-Front End Engineering Design (FEED) level. The economics showed feasibility of the production input scenarios at different tariff for the trading company considering the initial investments required to build the new transportation and commercialization network. A novel integrated engineering solution combining domain expertise with processing and facilities design covering reserves and resources confirmation for more than 70 fields, production forecasts for all fields and aggregated to regional level, general assessment on infrastructure required to build a new transportation network and finally the infrastructure pre-design for two processing and commercialization terminals. © © 2020, Society of Petroleum Engineers
Economic resource relational network access in web-based graphical user interfaces. This research identifies a relational map of industrial resources with weighted relations using divisions of categories and financial reporting to create an easy means of searching comprehensive data sets. This research answers questions that industrial users such as large and small enterprises may have for finding their locational advantages in terms of financial linkages, tooling, industrial supports, policy, and cluster resources to improve their sustainability and innovations. The knowledge of resource access is critical for the application of needed information for business planning and expansion. The question can be resolved by utilizing graph-based geospatial network resource frameworks, by applying current technology and tooling, to achieve the relational data identification and framing. It answers the question of providing graphical tools for locational resources to construct competitive advantages based on industrial categorization for policy makers, researchers, and practitioners. The delivery of this project is to construct a web-based graphical search engine with spatiotemporal analysis and data visualization capabilities. © 2016 IEEE.
EduPlay: Interactive Learning Platform for Middle School Students Integrated with Gamification and Blockchain. EduPlay is an interactive educational platform that reimagines traditional homework as a personalized, engaging, and secure experience for middle school students. Combining blockchain technology, gamification, and decentralized storage via IPFS (InterPlanetary File System), EduPlay ensures transparency, authorship traceability, and student motivation. Learners complete tasks using an intuitive visual canvas, and in collaborative projects, each user's contribution is automatically recorded and verifiably linked to their identity on the blockchain.A central feature of EduPlay is its use NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) as immutable certificates of achievement. Blockchain is also used for tracking collectible cards within a trading system. Students are encouraged to build collections, trade cards with peers, and unlock learning incentives, making academic progress tangible and engaging.Teachers can create and evaluate assignments with customizable templates and receive real-time insights into student performance. Parents gain visibility into their child's progress through a dedicated dashboard. EduPlay promotes creativity, collaboration, and transparent learning outcomes in a gamified, student-centered environment. © 2025 IEEE.
Efficient Continuous Space Policy Optimization for High-frequency Trading. High-frequency trading is an extraordinarily intricate financial task, which is normally treated as a near real-time sequential decision problem. Compared with the traditional two-phase approach, forecasting equity's trend and then weighting them by combinatorial optimization, deep reinforcement learning (DRL) methods have shown advances in reward chasing with optimal policies. However, existing DRL-based methods either leverage portfolio optimization on low-frequency scenarios or only support a very limited number of assets with discrete action space, facing significant computing efficiency challenges. Therefore, we propose an efficient DRL-based policy optimization (DRPO) method for high-frequency trading. In particular, we model the portfolio management task with Markov Decision Process by directly inferring the equity weights in the action space guided by maximum accumulated returns. To reduce agents' interaction complexity without reducing interpretation, we detach the environment into the "static'' market states and "dynamic'' portfolio weight states. Then, we design an efficient reward expectation calculation algorithm via probabilistic dynamic programming, which enables our agents directly collect feedback away from trajectory sampling-based morass. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that solves the high-frequency portfolio optimization problem by devising an efficient continuous space policy optimization algorithm in the DRL framework. Through extensive experiments on the real-world data from Dow Jones, Coinbase and SSE exchanges, we show that our proposed DRPO significantly outperforms state-of-the-art benchmark methods. The results demonstrate the practical applicability and effectiveness of the proposed method. © 2023 ACM.
Efficient interpolation of high-fidelity geopotentials. With a goal of efficiently trading higher-memory footprints for faster runtimes, a high-fidelity interpolationdoimethod is presented for approximating a scalar quantity and associated gradients in the global three-dimensionaldoidomain external to a sphere. The new "Fetch" interpolation model uses the Junkins weighting function strategy todoiachieve continuity and smoothness. An overlapping grid strategy ensures a singularity-free domain while minimizingdoiassociated memory costs. Local interpolating functions are judiciously chosen with a new adaptive order-baseddoiselection of local polynomials that minimizes coefficient storage subject to a radially mapped residual tolerance.doiAnalytic inversions of the normal equations associated with each candidate polynomial allow for rapid solutions to thedoileast-squares process without resorting to the conventional numerical linear system solvers. The gradient and higherorderdoipartial derivatives are computed directly with no memory cost, and they are smooth and continuous to a userspecifieddoiorder. The method is specifically applied to interpolate the GRACE GGM03C geopotential model up to thedoidegree and order of 360. Highly tuned interpolation models of various resolutions are presented and discussed indoidetail. Released Fetch interpolation models of the geopotential include resolutions of 33 × 33, 70 × 70, 156 × 156, anddoi360 × 360. The memory requirements span from 120 to 2360 MB, and the expected speedups over sphericaldoiharmonics evaluations span from approximately 3-to 800-fold. The minimum break-even resolution for runtimedoispeeds is approximately the degree and order of 13. The models are valid up to an altitude of 60 Earth radii and aredoiglobally continuous to order three, and thus maybe of interest to a variety of science and engineering applications. Thedoiruntime evaluation codes along with model coefficients are available on the Internet.
Electricity market margin determination method considering the integrity of electricity assets. China is pushing ahead with the development of the electricity market based on renewable energies. Electricity futures and options are an important trading instrument in the electricity market, and margins in the electricity market are often used to measure the value at risk of derivatives such as options on electricity futures, which are usually calculated based on the SPAN system. However, traditional SPAN systems do not take into account the integrity of electricity (IoE) derivatives, which would affect the risk valuing and capital usage efficiency. This paper proposed an improved margin calculation method that considers the IoE and gave an example for explanation. Compared with the previous calculating method, the method can effectively control the sharp fluctuations in electricity prices when renewable energy sources are traded in the electricity market, and effectively control the default risk in the market. © 2023 The Author(s)
Electricity markets for DC distribution systems: Locational pricing trumps wholesale pricing. DC distribution systems are a promising alternative to existing AC distribution systems. They connect customers to local energy sources without conversion, thus reducing power losses. However, the unique features of DC impose strict requirements for system operation compared to AC. Within the context of a liberalized energy market, this article demonstrates three promising market designs—an outcome of a comprehensive engineering design framework—that meet those DC requirements. They are an integrated market design, which incorporates all system costs into energy prices; a market design that passes wholesale energy prices directly to prosumers; and a locational energy market design that relieves congestion with nodal prices. An optimization model estimates the three market designs’ performance by simulating a realistic DC distribution system, featuring a high share of electric vehicles. Results indicate that the integrated market design is optimal in theory but computationally infeasible in practice. The wholesale energy price design aiming at constraint-free energy trading requires substantial investments in flexibility. The locational energy market design yields nearly optimal operation in urban networks and is considered the best feasible market design for DC distribution systems. © 2020 The Author(s)
Elicitation and Analysis of Requirements for a Peer-to-Peer Energy Market. By addressing the trends of digitalization, decentralization, democratization, and decarbonization, local Peer-to-Peer (P2P) markets have the potential to significantly accelerate decarbonization at the communal level. In addition to prosumers and consumers, other stakeholders are involved in P2P trading as well. To consider the individual stakeholder interests, we extended and refined an existing methodology for establishing and analyzing the requirements for a local energy market. Thus, the paper describes the extension and application of the first part of the Development approach for Decentralized Control Systems (2DECS). According to 2DECS, we followed the four artifacts of requirements elicitation: the derivation of relevant User Stories, the 'Definitions of Done', creation of Story Cards, and the establishment of Acceptance Test Requirements. In addition, we rated the individual interests of the market participants based on their potential for conflict. © 2022 IEEE.
Emissions trading. Climate change is being exacerbated by the emissions of globe-warming greenhouse gases (GHGs) as a consequence of economic activities associated with energy, industry, transportation, and land use. From an economic viewpoint, the Earth’s climate is a public good, and pollution a negative externality; such change therefore constitutes market failure. Controlling air pollution by utilizing economic mechanisms represents an important change in environmental thinking - literally a paradigm shift away from historical command-and-control engineering systems. Today, this approach is being utilized to mitigate the emissions of GHGs, addressing the pollution externality by putting a price on carbon. The international carbon market, largely developed as a result of the Kyoto Protocol, had a total value of $176 billion in 2011, but it has decreased significantly in recent years. With the addition of China and other national and subnational programs, however, it is expected that it will once again increase, as a larger and larger portion of emitted GHGs come under such regulatory purview. Historically, the largest component of that market has been the European Union’s Emission Trading Scheme (EU ETS), which represents a regional market designed first to assist Europe in achieving compliance with the Protocol’s requirements, and now is a cornerstone of the EU’s policy to combat climate change. It also has links to the Protocol’s project-based mechanisms, the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM), and Joint Implementation (JI), which help minimize compliance costs. China’s nascent market - currently seven pilot schemes, but expected to become a national program in 2016 - should ultimately become twice as large as the EU ETS. Other carbon markets created in numerous countries (e.g., the U.S., Japan, South Korea, etc.) as well as a voluntary market are also expected to make significant contributions. This chapter discusses the structure of these emissions trading carbon markets, the theory behind their development, their historical evolution, ongoing governance challenges, and future prospects. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012 and Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2017.
Employing relation visualizations to enhance the shopping experience on a used car trading platform. Used car online trading is a new trend developed in the vehicle trading market recently. In this paper, we focus on user experience of car searching in a used-car website. The datasets of used vehicles are complicated and multidimensional. To find a satisfying car within the budget, the car buyer needs to compare many cars by exploring and comparing data include but not limit to car maker, type, mileage, price, and key features. Within most current e-commerce systems, to search and evaluate different cars, users often have to jump across detail pages to search pages repeatedly. Due to constraints set in the searching process, it may result in uncontrollable information overload or deficiency. With a user-centered design approach, we first analyzed the car searching behaviors through the user study, then designed a data visualization interface that helps a customer to (1) achieve an overall understanding of the used car market such as relations of car type to price, mileage/model-year to price, and features, and (2) search, filter, and compare cars of interest through simple interactions. The goal of this research is to help users to find out an ideal candidate car through an innovative interface and enhance user experience on used-car trading websites. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017.
Empowered stock market forecasting using Large Language Model on social media content. The high volatility and non-linear dynamics of the stock market make forecasting stock behavior increasingly challenging. This task is further influenced by a variety of contextual factors, including news content and social media data. However, several challenges remain unresolved, stemming from the influence of textual content, specifically from social networks, that are often characterized by dynamic interactions and non-standard language. In this paper, we design a two-step framework for the prediction of stock behavior by integrating contextual features inferred from social networks with historical financial data. We first build a chain of text composed of posts, and the related daily comments that are summarized and analyzed through Large Language Models to infer features in terms of sentiment scores and a buy/sell indicator. Successively, these social contextual features and historical financial data are fed as input to a forecasting module composed of different deep learning models (i.e., Long Short-Term Memory, Temporal Convolutional Networks, Transformers, and Generative Adversarial Networks). The proposed framework has been evaluated on a NASDAQ-listed stock dataset, encompassing more than 4 millions of social content and historical financial data over a period of six years of analysis. We show an improvement of up to 23.27% in Root Mean Square Error and 23.70% in Mean Average Error for forecasting stock behavior compared to various baselines. Finally, we compare these results with respect to those achieved using Large Language Models as predictors under zero-shot scenarios, achieving lower results (up to 68.1%) in addressing the forecasting task. © 2025 The Authors.
End-user engagement: The missing link of sustainability transition for Australian residential buildings. This paper argues that attempts to transform Australia's urban environment into a sufficiently sustainable one has been misdirected. The ‘green rating tool,’ industry's adherence to relevant standards and governmental policies represent the primary means of effecting the sustainability transition. However, only high-profile commercial building owners seem interested in being green-rated; the actual end-users of buildings are far less committed (e.g. employees ensconced in commercial buildings and residential home occupiers). Through a systematic review of 103 journal articles published on the topic of end-users and sustainability transition, original findings are presented. The findings reveal that most residential end-users do not purchase green homes and without their ‘buy-in,’ sustainability transition across Australia will continue to fail. This paper offers a critical analysis of the status-quo, identifying where the effort to generate a sustainable urban environment has been misdirected, what challenges prevail, and why residential end-users have been overlooked. In looking for a way forward that engages end-users, the paper proposes that financial incentives for the purchase of low-carbon buildings must be introduced into the residential real-estate market. And the modeling for this rebate is discussed in terms of emissions trading schemes or carbon tax. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
Energy Storage Strategy in a Non-Agent Energy Trading Platform: Energy Bank System. This paper addresses a strategy for distributed energy storage system (DESS) in a non-agent energy trading platform. This platform is based on the peer-to-peer (P2P) trading method. It is termed as energy bank system (EBS). The trading mechanism of EBS refers to the banking system and the BitCoin trading system. There is no requirement for users to participate in EBS. To make EBS suit various kinds of DESS, a coefficient of energy charging is defined as figure of distributed energy charging (FDEC). FDEC is processed in participant-side for the optimization energy management strategy. The conditional Value-at-Risk (CVaR) is used for analyzing the risk of FDEC management. The trading method of EBS is the call action method, and the trading mechanism follows the rule of maximum transaction volume. Case study is based on the real historical data in Australia electricity market considering the renewable distributed generation (RDG) system. Also, the economic analysis is discussed base on the simulation results. © 2019 IEEE.
Enhanced Stock Movement Prediction with Event Graph and Dynamic Sentiment Analysis. Stock movement prediction is of paramount importance in financial markets, informing sound investment strategies. However, traditional numerical analysis often falls short due to market volatility and the inherent challenge of modeling dynamic change. We propose a Dynamic Event and Sentiment Interaction Graph Attention Network (DESIGN) method integrating numerical characteristics, news and comment text, with the added dimension of an event graph tracking the chain of events from news text. The method follows a multi-step approach for stock movement prediction, it starts by classifying the news text and then performs reasoning through the event graph to obtain event-inference-based indicators. These indicators are then fused with the ones derived from the raw numerical data, resulting in evolution features. Then, the method classifies the sentiment of comment text and dynamically constructs a stock relationship graph based on this result. Finally, a graph neural network is employed for prediction. Extensive experiments verify DESIGN's superior performance in stock movement prediction. © 2023 IEEE.
Enhancing Data Accessibility Through Ailored Experiences and Customized Mini Apps. Diverse stakeholders rely on simple, dependable access to oceanographic data that support daily decision-making. From civilian surfers to government managers, each user must not only navigate the vast sea of available data, but also understand it enough to select appropriate data relevant to their unique situation. Over recent years, the MARACOOS data management ecosystem has worked to remove barriers in the initial portion of the user's journey; by centralizing relevant data into one platform, MARACOOS OceansMap, data discovery has become much easier and quicker for mid-Atlantic users. However, decision fatigue quickly sets in as users must still understand and select the appropriate data sources (i.e., models vs. observations), determine which analytical tools are beneficial (i.e., weather window planning vs. validation statistics), and make other decisions to dive deeper into their analyses and interpretations. In this session, we will explore MARACOOS's experiences in combating this issue by providing users with simplified and streamlined solutions, known as Mini Apps. Tailored to distinct stakeholder groups, Mini Apps are powerful tools that provide foundational information and analyses to users, while maintaining enough flexibility that users can further customize, save, and share their own unique version of the app. Leveraging spatial views and in-depth dashboards, Mini Apps currently serve boaters and pilots, surfers, beachgoers, offshore wind developers, the general public as a stakeholder of the offshore wind industry, and other users or researchers interested in studying storm movements and climate change. Our goal in this paper will be to explore how Mini Apps could be leveraged across new stakeholder groups or provide added value to these users, and discuss their scalability across other regions and nations. MARACOOS OceansMap, powered by RPS, is a dynamic data visualization tool integrating near real-time observational assets and model forecasts that contribute to ocean monitoring in the Mid-Atlantic region. OceansMap is the flagship ocean data portal of MARACOOS, one of the eleven U.S. IOOS Regional Associations that are certified by the federal government for the quality of the data they serve. MARACOOS OceansMap enables stakeholders, partners, and the public free and open access to high quality data and information products to support decision-making on our waters and along our coasts and estuaries in the Mid-Atlantic region, from Cape Cod, MA, to Cape Hatteras, NC. By working with stakeholders and partners, MARACOOS OceansMap has evolved into a key tool used for decision making in the Mid-Atlantic. Through specialized instances of MARACOOS OceansMap, users can explore the different themes to find data relevant to a specific topic. To further improve data usability, the next generation of MARACOOS OceansMap has been created in close collaboration with NOAA CO-OPS, and with significant input from stakeholders and partners working within the maritime sector, offshore wind development, and the National Weather Service's regional Weather Forecast Offices. By engaging users across the region to provide input and feedback on OceansMap, we reduce barriers to data use by providing a more intuitive, tailored, and accessible interface that focuses on turning data into insight. MARACOOS OceansMap enhances stakeholders' ability to prepare, manage, and respond to changing conditions in the Mid-Atlantic to protect lives and property, public and environmental health, jobs and our economy, and the overall well-being of the 79 million people residing in the Mid-Atlantic region. © 2024 IEEE.
Enhancing Livestock Management Through Innovative Solutions for Effective Trading Practices. Enhancing Livestock Management through Innovative Solutions for Effective Trading Practices proposes on creating a user-friendly online platform to improve the livestock industry by making it easier to buy and sell animals like cattle, poultry, and goats. The platform helps buyers and sellers connect each other while focusing on efficiency, transparency, and secure transactions. Key features include tracking health records, sending reminders for vaccinations or breeding schedules, and showing real-time livestock available on the platform. The system is build in a way which simple to use, ensuring a smooth experience for everyone, whether they are new or experienced person on livestock industry. The main objective of this website is to offer various solutionsthat facilitates livestock trading but also addresses various challenges regarding livestock management. This platform provides the necessary tools and knowledge needed for better decision-making, it promotes healthier livestock, improves profit for sellers, and increases the trust between traders. It serves as a comprehensive tool for managing the entire lifecycle of livestock, offering a better solution that enhances communication, productivity, and sustainability within the sector. © 2024 IEEE.
Enhancing Security in The Internet of Things Ecosystem using Reinforcement Learning and Blockchain. Internet of Things (IoT) is a promising technology that attains significant consideration in diverse industrial areas, i.e., agriculture, engineering, logistics, trading, ecological examining, security surveillance, energy, and healthcare. IoT gains much more attention with the rapid advancement of wireless communication and sensor networks as millions of intelligent devices get involved in IoT. These intelligent devices' raw data must be captured and processed to support decision-making. However, IoT applications trust the central server for information storage, processing, and mediators for wireless transmission. Consequently, it can leak the information and lead to high costs and delays. Hence, data security is the leading interest for the IoT. Blockchain technology can be deployed to overcome the security and effectiveness of the gigantic data in IoT. Blockchain is studied as a key to permitting storing, processing and sharing of data in an efficient, secure manner. In addition, reinforcement learning can convene the high data rate requirements. It will help us to optimize the performance of the blockchain-enabled IoT framework. © 2022 IEEE.
Enhancing User Interface and Experience of the Bukalapak Application: A Sentiment Analysis Approach for Improved Usability and User Satisfaction in Indonesia's E-Commerce Sector. In this research, we utilize sentiment analysis to refine the User Interface (UI) and User Experience (UX) of the Bukalapak application, a leading online trading platform in Indonesia. We focus our scrutiny on 4,462 reviews related to the UI within a larger dataset of 246,947. Nearly a third of these critiques express dissatisfaction, predominantly pointing out issues related to the UI design and its functionality. The critiques underscore the potency of sentiment analysis as a tool to uncover areas in user-centric design that need improvement. To address these issues, it is necessary to incorporate user feedback and sentiment analysis into the design workflow, thus enabling a more in-depth comprehension of user needs and facilitating more effective service enhancements. Embracing a user-centered methodology allows UI fine-tuning, leading to better functionality and increased user contentment. Our investigation reveals a positive link between design refinements and usability ratings, indicating improved user experience satisfaction. To summarize, this research highlights the essential contribution of user feedback and sentiment analysis in spotting and correcting UI shortfalls, thereby augmenting UX and contributing to the triumph of platforms like Bukalapak within Indonesia's dynamically changing e-commerce environment. © 2023, Ikatan Ahli Informatika Indonesia. All rights reserved.
Enterprise Intelligent Management Analysis and Visualization Based on Data Mining. Business intelligence is a data analysis software integrating data warehousing, online analysis, data mining, and visualization techniques. In this paper, we propose a visual analysis framework for enterprise intelligent management based on data clustering and mining, and the designed business intelligent system initially preprocesses and models business data generated from financial statements and stock trading, etc., and then uses a variety of methods including financial analysis, corporate valuation, and machine learning, so as to achieve the visualization analysis and to provide decision support for internal and external information users. Experimental analysis is conducted using BYHEALTH and other four comparable companies as typical examples, and the results demonstrate that the devised framework is all-inclusive, user-friendly, and practical. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2024.
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction (2023) 38, (S2212868923000594), (10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100622)). Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in the published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction. The appropriate Declaration/Competing Interest statements, provided by the Authors, are included below. “How block-based, text-based, and hybrid block/text modalities shape novice programming practices” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 17, (2018) 83–92) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2018.04.005. Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Socializers, achievers or both? Value-based roles of children in technology design projects” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 17, (2018), 39–49) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2018.04.004. Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “A comparative study into how pupils can play different roles in co-design activities” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 17, (2018), 28–38) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2018.04.003 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Deepening children's STEM learning through making and creative writing” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 40, (2024), 100651) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2024.100651 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Validating a performance assessment of computational thinking for early childhood using item response theory” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 40, (2024), 100650) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2024.100650 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “The impact of near-peer virtual agents on computer science attitudes and collaborative dialogue” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 40, (2024), 100646) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2024.100646 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Children's approaches to solving puzzles in videogames” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 40, (2024), 100635) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2024.100635 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Making the invisible visible: Youth designs for teaching about technological and algorithmic bias” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 39, (2024), 100634) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2024.100634 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Children's engagement during shared reading of ebooks and paper books: A systematic review” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 39, (2024), 100632) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100632 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Making as an opportunity for classroom assessment: Canadian maker educators’ views on assessment” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 39, (2024), 100631) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100631 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. ““Hey, Alexa” “Hey, Siri”, “OK Google” …,” exploring teenagers’ interaction with artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled voice assistants during the COVID-19 pandemic” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 38, (2023), 100622) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100622 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Towards culturally sustaining design: Centering community's voices for learning through Participatory Design” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 39, (2024), 100621) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100621 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Stimulating preschoolers’ early literacy development using educational technology: A systematic literature review” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 39, (2024), 100620) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100620 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “AMBY: A development environment for youth to create conversational agents” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 38, (2023), 100618) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100618 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Fast mapping in word-learning: A case study on the humanoid social robots' impacts on Children's performance” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 38, (2023), 100614) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100614 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Shimpai Muyou: Confronting Child Suicides in Japan through a Serious Game & School-based Intervention” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 38, (2023), 100612) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100612 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Making computing visible & tangible: A paper-based computing toolkit for codesigning inclusive computing education activities” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 38, (2023), 100602) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100602 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “ScratchJr design in practice: Low floor, high ceiling” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 37, (2023), 100601 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100601 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “A codesign study exploring needs, strategies, and opportunities for digital health platforms to address pandemic-related impacts on children and families” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 37, (2023), 100596) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100596 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Child-home interaction: Design and usability evaluation of a game-based end-user development for children” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 37, (2023), 100594) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100594 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “From endpoints to trading zones: Multi-directional exchange for computational empowerment in computer science education” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 37, (2023), 100591) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100591 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Making a Makerspace for children: A mixed-methods study in Chinese kindergartens” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100583) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100583 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “How Does Constructive Feedback in an Educational Game Sound to Children?” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100581) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100581 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Assessment of learning in child–computer interaction research: A semi-systematic literature review” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100578) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100578 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “The situated power of computational empowerment” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100576) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100576 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Students’ achievement goals: Goal approximation, engagement, and emotions in co-design activities and product” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100575) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100575 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Investigating primary school children's embodied expression of programming concepts” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100574) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100574 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Systematic mapping of computational thinking in preschool children” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100566) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100566 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Digital Media and Bildung—In memoriam of Heidi Schelhowe” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 36, (2023), 100564) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2023.100564 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. “Effects of a computational thinking intervention program on executive functions in children aged 10 to 11” (International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 35, (2023), 100563) https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijcci.2022.100563 Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work in this paper. © 2024
Error Calculation Model of Substation Measuring Device Based on Multi-time Scale Error Proportion Coefficient Estimation; 基于多时间尺度误差比例系数评估的变电站测量装置误差计算模型. It is found in the construction of power trading market that, although the error distribution range of the measuring device meets the accuracy requirement at all times, the mean value of the error distribution range will be biased, and the long-term accumulation of the deviation will gradually increase with the performance attenuation of the measuring device. For high-power users such as power plants, the accumulated error will produce a huge deviation in electricity costs. In order to analyze the accumulated error of substation measuring equipment, we proposed a calculation model of substation measuring equipment error based on multi-time-scale error-ratio-coefficient estimation. The model calculates the error ratio relationship between measuring devices through long time scale data, establishes the error constraint relationship between measuring devices through short time scale data, calculates the error mean value according to a large number of calibration report data, and distributes the error of measuring devices. In order to verify the validity of the calculation model, the paper constructs the voltage data for simulation verification, and collects the current data of a substation for experimental verification. The simulation results show that the absolute value of the amplitude error judgment of the 0.02-level voltage measuring device is less than 0.002, and the relative value is less than 12%. The engineering application results show that the absolute value of the error judgment of the amplitude error judgment of the 0.05-level current measuring device is less than 0.009, and the relative value is less than 17%. The calculation model has a certain engineering significance to guide the design of online monitoring algorithm for substation measuring device error and prevent substation measuring device error overshoot. © 2026 Science Press. All rights reserved.
Ethically Responsible Machine Learning in Fintech. Rapid technological developments in the last decade have contributed to using machine learning (ML) in various economic sectors. Financial institutions have embraced technology and have applied ML algorithms in trading, portfolio management, and investment advising. Large-scale automation capabilities and cost savings make the ML algorithms attractive for personal and corporate finance applications. Using ML applications in finance raises ethical issues that need to be carefully examined. We engage a group of experts in finance and ethics to evaluate the relationship between ethical principles of finance and ML. The paper compares the experts’ findings with the results obtained using natural language processing (NLP) transformer models, given their ability to capture the semantic text similarity. The results reveal that the finance principles of integrity and fairness have the most significant relationships with ML ethics. The study includes a use case with SHapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) and Microsoft Responsible AI Widgets explainability tools for error analysis and visualization of ML models. It analyzes credit card approval data and demonstrates that the explainability tools can address ethical issues in fintech, and improve transparency, thereby increasing the overall trustworthiness of ML models. The results show that both humans and machines could err in approving credit card requests despite using their best judgment based on the available information. Hence, human-machine collaboration could contribute to improved decision-making in finance. We propose a conceptual framework for addressing ethical challenges in fintech such as bias, discrimination, differential pricing, conflict of interest, and data protection. © 2022 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.. All rights reserved.
Evaluating the Mediating Mechanism of Perceived Trust and Risk toward Cryptocurrency: An Empirical Research. In recent years, investing in cryptocurrencies has become a fad worldwide. However, fewer studies have explored the intention of using cryptocurrencies. Different from traditional financial commodities, cryptocurrencies have a unique appeal. Therefore, this study uses technology mindfulness, technology readiness, and financial literacy, and through perceived trust and perceived risk, to understand users’ intentions to use cryptocurrencies. The respondents to this study were cryptocurrency owners or those having financial investment experience. A total of 337 valid samples were obtained and analyzed by the partial least square-structural equation model (PLS-SEM) method. The results showed that technology mindfulness and negative technology readiness significantly impacted perceived trust and perceived risk. On the other hand, perceived trust and perceived risk significantly impacted the intention to use. Finally, this study proposes theoretical and practical implications which can help cryptocurrency trading platforms understand the motivations of potential and existing users. Finally, this study can also serve as a reference for cryptocurrency trading service providers to develop marketing strategies. © The Author(s) 2023.
Evaluating the rationales of amateur investors. Social media's rise in popularity has demonstrated the usefulness of the wisdom of the crowd. Most previous works take into account the law of large numbers and simply average the results extracted from tasks such as opinion mining and sentiment analysis. Few attempt to identify high-quality opinions from the mined results. In this paper, we propose an approach for capturing expert-like rationales from social media platforms without the requirement of the annotated data. By leveraging stylistic and semantic features, our approach achieves an F1-score of 90.81%. The comparison between the rationales of experts and those of the crowd is done from stylistic and semantic perspectives, revealing that stylistic and semantic information provides complementary cues for professional rationales. We further show the advantage of using these superlative analysis results in the financial market, and find that top-ranked opinions identified by our approach increase potential returns by up to 90.31% and reduce downside risk by up to 71.69%, compared with opinions ranked by feedback from social media users. Moreover, the performance of our method on downside risk control is comparable with that of professional analysts. Â© 2021 ACM.
Evolution and Practice: Low-latency Distributed Applications in Finance. Virtually all systems have some requirements for latency, defined here as the time required for a system to respond to input. Latency requirements appear in problem domains as diverse as aircraft flight controls, voice communications, multiplayer gaming, online advertising, and scientific experiments. Distributed systems present special latency considerations. In recent years the automation of financial trading has driven requirements for distributed systems with challenging latency requirements and global geographic distribution. Automated trading provides a window into the engineering challenges of ever-shrinking latency requirements, which may be useful to software engineers in other fields. © 2015 ACM.
Evolutionary Game Theory-Based Optimal Scheduling Strategy for Heterogeneous Computing. With the development of intelligent applications, simply relying on traditional single type of computing unit cannot efficiently satisfy diverse cloud requirements. The emergence of heterogeneous computing can efficiently achieve the adaptation of these intelligent applications by using different types of processing units such as Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) and Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). However, the trade-off between profit and costs in the process of scheduling heterogeneous computing resources is also an issue worthy of attention. To address this challenge, this work establishes a heterogeneous computing resource scheduling model based on Stackelberg differential game, which includes three roles Computing Power Trading Platforms (CPTPs), Heterogeneous Computing Service Providers (HCSPs), and Heterogeneous Computing Application Providers (HCAPs). The objective is to maximize utility function of CPTPs and HCSPs subject to rental ratio, pricing strategy and energy consumption of resource scheduling, which has proved that there exists a Stackelberg Nash Equilibrium (NE) solution. The Support Vector Machine based on Artificial Fish (SVM-AF) is proposed to predict the access times of heterogeneous computing applications. In addition, the distributed iteration method and Cauchy distribution is adopted to optimize the computing price strategy and improve its convergence performance. The simulation results show that compared with other strategies, the proposed strategy can effectively improve computing revenue of user experience and while reducing energy consumption in the process of resource scheduling. © 2013 IEEE.
Evolving Possibilistic Fuzzy Modeling for Realized Volatility Forecasting with Jumps. Equity asset volatility modeling and forecasting provide key information for risk management, portfolio construction, financial decision making, and derivative pricing. Realized volatility models outperform autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity and stochastic volatility models in out-of-sample forecasting. Gain in forecasting performance is achieved when models comprise volatility jump components. This paper suggests evolving possibilistic fuzzy modeling to forecast realized volatility with jumps. The modeling approach is based on an extension of the possibilistic fuzzy c-means clustering and on functional fuzzy rule-based models. It employs memberships and typicalities to recursively update cluster centers. The evolving nature of the model allows adding or removing clusters using statistical distance-like criteria to update the model as dictated by input data. The possibilistic model improves robustness to noisy data and outliers, an essential requirement in financial markets volatility modeling and forecasting. Computational experiments and statistical analysis are done using value-at-risk estimates to evaluate and compare the performance of the evolving possibilistic fuzzy modeling with the heterogeneous autoregressive model, neural networks and current state-of-the-art evolving fuzzy models. The experiments use actual data from S&P 500 and Nasdaq (U.S.), FTSE (U.K.), DAX (Germany), IBEX (Spain), and Ibovespa (Brazil), major equity market indexes in global markets. The results show that the evolving possibilistic fuzzy model is highly efficient to model realized volatility with jumps in terms of forecasting accuracy. © 1993-2012 IEEE.
Examining Acceptance of AI-Driven Robo-Advisors in the Gulf: An Adapted TAM Approach. This study examines the factors influencing retail traders' acceptance of robo-advisors and AI-driven financial tools using the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) framework. With the proliferation of digital trading platforms, understanding the determinants that drive or hinder the adoption of robo-advisory services is essential for improving user engagement and trading efficacy. Drawing from a quantitative research design, this study surveyed retail traders to analyze the impact of perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, and other TAM-based constructs on traders' behavioural intentions and actual use of robo-advisors. Statistical analyses, including Structural Equation Modeling (SEM), were conducted to test the hypothesized relationships within the TAM framework. The findings reveal that perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness significantly influence retail traders' acceptance of robo-advisors, with credibility & trust, perceived behavioural benefits, and perceived user experience emerging as moderating variables. These insights contribute to the growing body of research on financial technology adoption and suggest that enhancing the user experience and addressing perceived gaps could increase adoption rates among retail traders. The study underscores the potential of robo-advisors to support informed decision-making, paving the way for more inclusive financial markets. © 2025 IEEE.
Experimenting with Evolutionary Algorithms to Reduce Feature Model Configuration Steps. In the software engineering world, software product lines constitute an approach for building reliable software systems. These use feature models to capture, develop, and document shared software for a base system. One of the main challenges when using feature models to derive new products configuration is a way of selecting a configuration that takes under consideration the minimum number of steps and minimum decision-making cost, taking into account resource constraints. To satisfy the challenges of optimizing the configuration selection technique, in this paper, we present an assessment approach that makes use of genetic algorithms to generate then evaluate the best product configurations from feature models. Our empirical outcomes reveal the effectiveness of using the genetic algorithm in obtaining the product configurations that meet the best level of trading-off between steps and decisions at a reasonable production time, consequently, assisting stakeholders in selecting the product configuration that fits their requirements. © 2021 IEEE.
Explainable AI for Decision-Making in Decentralized Energy Trading. The rapid growth of distributed energy resources has created opportunities as well as challenges for modern power systems. Artificial intelligence (AI) has become extremely important in managing energy transactions, ensuring grid reliability, and supporting market activities. However, many algorithms operate as “black boxes”, which raises concerns about transparency, trustworthiness, and compliance with regulatory frameworks in critical energy infrastructures. This research presents a solution to this problem and presents a framework that embeds explainable AI (XAI) principles within the operation of energy markets. The framework is meant to improve the interpretability of AI models, deliver real-time decision support, and tailor interfaces for different stakeholders, including prosumers, system operators, and regulatory bodies. This approach has the potential to improve user trust, simplify regulatory approval, and accelerate the shift towards renewable energy adoption. Overall, the work contributes practical insights for integrating XAI into real-world energy systems while extending the broader discourse on trustworthy AI in this sector. © 2026 by IGI Global Scientific Publishing. All rights reserved.
Explaining the intention to use social trading platforms: an empirical investigation. The enormous rise of financial technology companies has greatly challenged traditional financial institutions. One emerging innovation is “social trading” (ST), which combines the advantages of social networks and delegated trading. ST platforms represent a unique context of social media platforms, on which the impact of social influence on the potential customer’s intention to use is not well understood. Moreover, researchers and practitioners lack an understanding of the moderating role of the consumer’s previous experience regarding security trading. As research in the field of ST is rather young, our study aims to be the first to address these research gaps by developing and empirically validating a model from the potential customer’s perspective. We based our framework on the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology and theory regarding social media and financial decision-making. Our results illustrate that performance-related aspects are the dominant determinants of behavioral intention for experienced users, whereas system-related and personal barriers affect behavioral intentions of the inexperienced group. Consequently, differences regarding performance expectancy, effort expectancy, security and risk aversion were identified. Our results indicate that current platform operators’ advertising approaches of communicating the simple functionality of the platform seem inappropriate to meet the consumer’s needs. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Exploring Interface Design for Energy Data Visualization: A Usability Testing Workshop. Understanding electricity consumption and production is increasingly vital for consumers in the Nordics, particularly due to fluctuating energy stock market rates. Data visualization is the primary method to get information on energy data consumption. In this paper, we tested the interface design for energy data visualization, evaluated through a usability testing workshop. Thirteen household energy consumers from rural Finland, who actively manage their energy consumption, participated in this workshop. They experienced two energy interfaces: a basic mobile-based interface using paper wireframing and an advanced augmented reality-based interface utilizing mobile camera technology. Participants were given a survey form, and their feedback discussion, and suggestions were recorded. We collected qualitative and quantitative data to understand their energy behaviors and visualization preferences. The study of energy interface canvases created by individuals enabled us to identify common preferences and the thematic analysis of recorded discussion further improved our results. These findings contribute to understanding the interface and information preferences of different energy consumers and will provide evidence for the creation of energy interface design principles. © 2025 IEEE.
Exploring Pricing, Trading, and Protection in the Big Data Market. Big data is regarded as the secret to releasing the following massive surges of economic development. In light of a variety of new apps and platforms that are integrated into our everyday routines, such as smartphones and tablets, social access networks, and Website of Things-based automated devices, the quantity of data being gathered worldwide has been growing exponentially (smart grid, smart transportation, smart cities, etc.). How to effectively use the data has become a crucial problem due to the overall rise of data. This necessitates the creation of a big data market that facilitates effective data sharing. Data proprietors and users can interact with each other, share, and increase the usefulness of data by moving it into the smartphone industry as a sort of product. The creation of a marketing server and going to trade ploys that maximize the people's benefits of income to buy while maintaining high - quality and anonymity, as well as measures to prevent the decided to trade data from it being resold in order to preserve the software's value, are barriers that must be overcome in allowing such a lead to customer satisfaction for data making trades. In this article, we perform a thorough analysis of the data lifetime and data collection. To be more precise, we first investigate a broad range of payment systems, classify them into various categories, and carry out a thorough analysis of the benefits and drawbacks of these modeling techniques. The creation of data sharing systems and methods that enable effective, safe, and private information data trading is the next area of emphasis. We examine information protection identification systems and managing digital rights systems in our final section. Data security issues throughout the lifetime of data sharing are described using computer cryptography, timestamping, and other techniques. © 2025 IEEE.
Exploring blockchain-based metaverses: Data collection and valuation of virtual lands using machine learning techniques. In recent years, the concept of the metaverse has evolved significantly, with the aim of defining richer immersive and interactive environments that can support various types of virtual experiences and interactions among users. This evolution has given rise to several metaverse platforms that utilize blockchain technology and non-fungible tokens (NFTs) to establish ownership of metaverse elements and attach features and information to them. This article seeks to delve into the complexity and heterogeneity of the data involved in these metaverse platforms and highlight some of the dynamics and features that make them unique. Additionally, the paper introduces a metaverse analysis tool developed by the authors, which leverages machine learning techniques to collect and analyze daily data, including blockchain transactions, platform-specific metadata, and social media trends. The experimental results of our approach are presented with a use-case scenario focused on the trading of digital parcels, commonly referred to as metaverse real estate. This scenario allows us to demonstrate the effectiveness of our tool and showcase the potential of using machine learning techniques to analyze and gain insights into the metaverse ecosystem. © 2023 The Author(s)
Exploring the Intersections between the Metaverse and Web3 Emerging Technologies. The advancements of the metaverse has validated a new world of possibilities with Web2 and Web3 technologies that are increasingly immersive, interconnected, spatial and decentralized. One of the key Web3 technologies that is intersecting with the metaverse is blockchain technology, that has now imbued metaverse worlds and platform as what are now identified as Layer-1 and Layer-2 metaverse, and in tandem the intersecting of decentralized Web3 technologies including but not limited to metaverse currencies and cryptocurrencies, non-fungible tokens and tokenization, marketplaces, digital wallets, and blockchain main and side-chain networks. In combination with interoperable and interconnected avatars, the metaverse is evolving beyond phygital experiences and asset architecting into financial experiences and asset trading. This research paper investigates the intersections between the metaverse and Web3 emerging technologies by firstly conducting a systematic literature review of the metaverse and its intersection with emerging technologies which currently has a dearth in academic and research literature despite the developments of the Web3 metaverse and its Layer-1 Layer-2 protocol. The review is followed by pilot-testing the metaverse platforms intersecting with Web3 technologies in real-world, particularly on the use of buy-and-sell, trading and item ownership under decentralized finance and financial technology. Finally, the research assesses the resulting metaverse based on user reviews and experiences on the feasibility of Web3 metaverse. The intersection of Web3 and the metaverse is still an early adoption of IR4.0 emerging technologies, yet the convergence of the metaverse, blockchain technologies and advancements in artificial intelligence is ultimately the precursor to the future Web4. © 2023 IEEE.
Exploring the data of blockchain-based metaverses. In recent years the concept of metaverse has evolved in the attempt of defining richer immersive and interactive environments supporting various types of virtual experiences and interactions among users. This has led to the emergence of various different metaverse platforms that utilize blockchain technology and non-fungible tokens (NFTs) to establish ownership of metaverse elements and attach features and information to it. This article will delve into the heterogeneity of the data involved in these metaverse platforms, as well as highlight some dynamics and features of them. Moreover, the paper introduces a metaverse analysis tool developed by the authors, which leverages machine learning techniques to collect and analyze daily data, including blockchain transactions, platform-specific metadata, and social media trends. Experimental results are reported are presented with a use-case scenario focused on the trading of digital parcels, commonly referred to as metaverse real estate. © 2023 IEEE.
Extended Kalman Filter Nonlinear Finite Element Method for Nonlinear Soft Tissue Deformation. Background and Objective: Soft tissue modelling is crucial to surgery simulation. This paper introduces an innovative approach to realistic simulation of nonlinear deformation behaviours of biological soft tissues in real time. Methods: This approach combines the traditional nonlinear finite-element method (NFEM) and nonlinear Kalman filtering to address both physical fidelity and real-time performance for soft tissue modelling. It defines tissue mechanical deformation as a nonlinear filtering process for dynamic estimation of nonlinear deformation behaviours of biological tissues. Tissue mechanical deformation is discretized in space using NFEM in accordance with nonlinear elastic theory and in time using the central difference scheme to establish the nonlinear state-space models for dynamic filtering. Results: An extended Kalman filter is established to dynamically estimate nonlinear mechanical deformation of biological tissues. Interactive deformation of biological soft tissues with haptic feedback is accomplished as well for surgery simulation. Conclusions: The proposed approach conquers the NFEM limitation of step computation but without trading off the modelling accuracy. It not only has a similar level of accuracy as NFEM, but also meets the real-time requirement for soft tissue modelling. © 2020
Factors influencing the satisfaction of chat commerce usage experience in Thailand: A Covid necessitated e-business platform. It is an undoubted fact that Internet, and by extension, e-commerce on the Internet is here to stay. Merchants of all types, big and small, are aiming to find their niche in the e-commerce marketplace, and increase their revenue. Consumer preferences on online shopping and use of new technologies are continually shifting as well. Expansion of e-commerce offerings has significantly increased the number of users and trading volumes of online shopping, therefore highlighting the need to research online consumer purchasing behavior. In the meantime, COVID-19, which forced public lockdowns over the last 2 years, led the consumers to engage in alternative purchasing channels. One of those new channels that was successful due to the increased use of smartphone mobile apps technology is called “conversation commerce”, a.k.a., “chat commerce” or “c-commerce”. In this research, with the use of a web-based survey involving 227 respondents, we investigated into the factors influencing the satisfaction of chat commerce usage experience in Thailand, and focused on their views based on generational age differences among them. This research's objectives were to answer the following 2 research questions: [1] What factors influence the satisfaction of chat commerce usage experience in Thailand?; [2]Do factors influencing the satisfaction of chat commerce usage experience vary among generational age differences? The 10 factors studied in this research, which may lead to the success of chat commerce in Thailand, were: [1] Service Rep's Reliability; [2] Service Rep's Assurance; [3] Service Rep's Responsiveness; [4] Service Rep's Empathy; [5] Perceived Information Quality; [6] Perceived Appropriate Wait Time; [7] Trust in the Platform; [8] Perceived Ease of Use; [9] Perceived Usefulness; [10] Satisfaction with the Experience. The 4 generations in this study were: [1] Baby Boomer; [2] Gen X; [3] Gen Y; [4] Gen Z. The results of this study indicate that all 10 proposed factors ultimately have positive influence on Satisfaction with chat commerce usage experience, and may lead to the success of chat commerce in Thailand, while the 2 most important factors being Assurance [ASS] and Perceived Usefulness [PUS]. This was true for ASS for 3 of the generations (Baby Boomer, Gen X, Gen Z), as well as for the entire dataset; and for PUS for 2 of the generations (Gen Y, Gen Z), as well as the entire dataset.. © 2022 International Conference on Information Systems, ICIS 2022: "Digitization for the Next Generation". All Rights Reserved.
Fair Data Trading Protocol based on Passive Proxy Re-encryption with Smart Contracts. With the diversity of data generated in daily life and the high economic benefits of effective use of data in various aspects, data trading has become a trend, and the fairness of data trading has also received increasing attention in recent years. Fairness means that the buyer and seller either get what they want or neither, which is one of the most basic requirements of transactions. Studies have shown that it is difficult to design a fair agreement based on buyers and sellers alone. Therefore, existing fair agreements generally rely on Trusted Third Parties (TTP) for transactions, and their fairness is based on the behavior of TTP and the trust of both parties in TTP. After the emergence of blockchain and smart contracts, their decentralization and transparency make them excellent candidates for replacing TTP. Therefore, this paper attempts to design a secure and fair data transaction protocol based on smart contracts. In order to ensure the security of data, we use an advanced Passive Proxy Re-Encryption (PPRE) scheme to enable the smart contract to transfer the decryption right to the buyer after receiving the buyer's payment. In addition, based on smart contracts and PPRE, a fair protocol for data trading is proposed, and the fairness of the protocol is guaranteed by an arbitration protocol. The protocol supports ciphertext publicity and repeatable sale, thereby reducing the number of interactions. Comprehensive experimental results verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed protocol. © 2025 IEEE.
FinRL: Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework to Automate Trading in Quantitative Finance. Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has been envisioned to have a competitive edge in quantitative finance. However, there is a steep development curve for quantitative traders to obtain an agent that automatically positions to win in the market, namely to decide where to trade, at what price and what quantity, due to the error-prone programming and arduous debugging. In this paper, we present the first open-source framework FinRL as a full pipeline to help quantitative traders overcome the steep learning curve. FinRL is featured with simplicity, applicability and extensibility under the key principles, full-stack framework, customization, reproducibility and hands-on tutoring. Embodied as a three-layer architecture with modular structures, FinRL implements fine-tuned state-of-the-art DRL algorithms and common reward functions, while alleviating the debugging workloads. Thus, we help users pipeline the strategy design at a high turnover rate. At multiple levels of time granularity, FinRL simulates various markets as training environments using historical data and live trading APIs. Being highly extensible, FinRL reserves a set of user-import interfaces and incorporates trading constraints such as market friction, market liquidity and investor's risk-aversion. Moreover, serving as practitioners' stepping stones, typical trading tasks are provided as step-by-step tutorials, e.g., stock trading, portfolio allocation, cryptocurrency trading, etc. © 2021 ACM.
Financial Data Analysis Using Python. This book will introduce essential concepts in financial analysis methods & models, covering time-series analysis, graphical analysis, technical and fundamental analysis, asset pricing and portfolio theory, investment and trade strategies, risk assessment and prediction, and financial ML practices. The Python programming language and its ecosystem libraries, such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, statsmodels, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-learn, Prophet, and other data science tools will demonstrate these rooted financial concepts in practice examples. This book will also help you understand the concepts of financial market dynamics, estimate the metrics of financial asset profitability, predict trends, evaluate strategies, optimize portfolios, and manage financial risks. You will also learn data analysis techniques using the Python programming language to understand the basics of data preparation, visualization, and manipulation in the world of financial data. FEATURES • Illustrates financial data analysis using Python data science libraries & techniques • Uses Python visualization tools to justify investment and trading strategies • Covers asset pricing & portfolio management methods with Python. © 2024 by BPB Publications. All rights reserved.
Flux capacitors for JavaScript deloreans: Approximate caching for physics-based data interaction. Interactive visualizations have become an effective and pervasive mode of allowing users to explore the data in a visual, fluid, and immersive manner. While modern web, mobile, touch, and gesture-driven next-generation interfaces such as Leap Motion allow for highly interactive experiences, they pose unique and unprecedented workloads to the underlying data platform. Usually, these visualizations do not need precise results for most queries generated during an interaction, and the users require the intermediate results as feedback only to guide them towards their goal query. We present a middleware component - Flux Capacitor, that insulates the backend from bursty and query-intensive workloads. Flux Capacitor uses prefetching and caching strategies devised by exploiting the inherent physics-metaphor of UI widgets such as friction and inertia in range sliders, and typical characteristics of user-interaction. This enables low interaction response times while intelligently trading off accuracy. © 2019 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
Forecasting the momentum using customised loss function for financial series. Purpose: We propose a Machine Learning (ML) approach that will be trained from the available financial data and is able to gain the trends over the data and then uses the acquired knowledge for a more accurate forecasting of financial series. This work will provide a more precise results when weighed up to aged financial series forecasting algorithms. The LSTM Classic will be used to forecast the momentum of the Financial Series Index and also applied to its commodities. The network will be trained and evaluated for accuracy with various sizes of data sets, i.e. weekly historical data of MCX, GOLD, COPPER and the results will be calculated. Design/methodology/approach: Desirable LSTM model for script price forecasting from the perspective of minimizing MSE. The approach which we have followed is shown below. (1) Acquire the Dataset. (2) Define your training and testing columns in the dataset. (3) Transform the input value using scalar. (4) Define the custom loss function. (5) Build and Compile the model. (6) Visualise the improvements in results. Findings: Financial series is one of the very aged techniques where a commerce person would commerce financial scripts, make business and earn some wealth from these companies that vend a part of their business on trading manifesto. Forecasting financial script prices is complex tasks that consider extensive human–computer interaction. Due to the correlated nature of financial series prices, conventional batch processing methods like an artificial neural network, convolutional neural network, cannot be utilised efficiently for financial market analysis. We propose an online learning algorithm that utilises an upgraded of recurrent neural networks called long short-term memory Classic (LSTM). The LSTM Classic is quite different from normal LSTM as it has customised loss function in it. This LSTM Classic avoids long-term dependence on its metrics issues because of its unique internal storage unit structure, and it helps forecast financial time series. Financial Series Index is the combination of various commodities (time series). This makes Financial Index more reliable than the financial time series as it does not show a drastic change in its value even some of its commodities are affected. This work will provide a more precise results when weighed up to aged financial series forecasting algorithms. Originality/value: We had built the customised loss function model by using LSTM scheme and have experimented on MCX index and as well as on its commodities and improvements in results are calculated for every epoch that we run for the whole rows present in the dataset. For every epoch we can visualise the improvements in loss. One more improvement that can be done to our model that the relationship between price difference and directional loss is specific to other financial scripts. Deep evaluations can be done to identify the best combination of these for a particular stock to obtain better results. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Formulating Financial Trading Strategies Using LLM: A DSL-Mediated Approach via in-Context Learning. Large language models (LLMs) offer the potential to streamline traditional tools through intuitive interfaces, but financial trading requires clear, interpretable solutions. Direct conversion of natural language instructions into general-purpose programming languages via LLMs often leads to redundancy and hallucination. To address these challenges, we propose a domainspecific language (DSL) as an intermediary. The proposed twostage process first converts user instructions into DSL through incontext learning (ICL), followed by conversion into general programming languages. This approach improves efficiency, reduces manual intervention, and improves interpretability, particularly for exchange-traded fund (ETF) strategies. The experimental results show an exact match rate of 0.953, demonstrating the effectiveness of translating complex trading logic into DSL. The impact of DSL design and LLM selection is also discussed, highlighting the broader potential of this technique in the development of financial strategies and its applicability in other domains. Furthermore, the Introduction briefly touches on the limitations of traditional approaches, outlining how the DSLmediated solution overcomes these challenges, offering a costeffective and efficient alternative. © 2025 IEEE.
From Impulsive Investment to Mindful Decisions: Exploring Design Opportunities of AI-Mediated Interventions for Emotionally Biased Investors. While providing convenient market access, mobile investment applications often amplify emotional trading through features such as real-time market data and news updates. Our study explored design opportunities for AI-mediated interventions that help investors recognize their emotional biases. Through interviews with 13 investors, we examined how emotions emerge throughout the investment process, how they are reflected in investment behavior, and whether emotion-based interventions can be effective. Our findings revealed that participants experienced recurring cycles of impulsive decisions driven by anxiety, overconfidence, and immediate reward-seeking, which persisted due to intermittent successes and platform convenience. They preferred objective data over directive interventions and valued real-time support that preserves autonomy and retrospective analysis capabilities for long-term improvement. Drawing on these insights, we propose a design concept featuring data-driven reflection mechanisms that help users recognize deviations from established investment patterns. Our work highlights opportunities for adaptive, reflection-oriented AI interventions explicitly tailored to investors’ emotional awareness. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)
From Linear to Circular Economy: Embracing Digital Innovations for Sustainable Agri-Food Waste Management among Farmers and Retailers. Food waste is an issue throughout the food supply chain from production to consumption, especially in the later stages, such as retailing and final consumption. For the future of the developing world, changes in farming and retail practices are crucial. This study introduces a digital system for managing agricultural waste in Thailand that aims to encourage farmers and food retailers to sell their excess agricultural materials. The study’s objectives are as follows: (1) to explore factors that affect users’ behavioral intention to utilize an agriculture waste trading platform; (2) to compare the behavioral differences between farmers and retailers regarding their intention to use a digital platform for sustainable agriculture. Data were gathered from 570 fruit and vegetable sellers and farmers across five provinces in the northeastern region of Thailand. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to analyze the relationships between constructs based on the modified Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT2), and multigroup analysis (MGA) was employed to analyze differences in path coefficients across groups. The key findings revealed that social influence (SI) had a more significant impact on retailers compared to farmers, while facilitating conditions (FC), habits (HB), and privacy (PR) were necessary for both groups. Unlike retailers, farmers were also motivated by hedonic motivation (HM) from using the platform. Explicitly, retailers’ behavioral intentions were influenced by a more significant number of factors than those of farmers. This research suggests that policymakers should develop targeted marketing campaigns leveraging social influence for retailers, improve platform usability and security, and create incentives for habitual use to enhance platform adoption. Additionally, policymakers should promote engaging features for farmers, provide comprehensive education and training, and advocate for supportive policies and financial incentives. Strategic actions to facilitate the transition toward a circular economy will improve the environmental sustainability and economic resilience of the agri-food sector. © 2024 by the authors.
From the Poor to the Rich: Predatory Inclusion and the Robinhood App. Purpose: Robinhood is a financial investment app that claims to “democratize finance” by connecting millennials and historically underserved populations to the stock market. We explore how Robinhood’s user interface shapes investor behavior and the impact this behavior has on existing disparities in the stock market. Method: We use Sano-Franchini’s (2018) method of critical interface analysis to examine three key microinteractions on the Robinhood platform: depositing and withdrawing funds, browsing, and trading stock. Results: Our analysis shows that Robinhood’s user interface encourages users to think of themselves as informed investors but does not give them the knowledge or tools they need to invest successfully. A manufactured sense of urgency encourages users to overtrade on their portfolio, contributing to market volatility and diminishing returns over time. Conclusion: Our analysis considers the relationship between the interface, the user experience, and investment practices. As such, this paper helps readers recognize how technologies that promise to increase inclusion can actually exacerbate existing socioeconomic inequalities. © 2023, Society for Technical Communication. All rights reserved.
Game theoretic non-cooperative distributed coordination control for multi-microgrids. An increased number of microgrids (MGs) will exist in future active distribution systems (ADSs); however, these MGs belong to multiple operators and cannot simply be controlled as a public grid in the electricity market environment. For multi-MGs (MMGs) which have multiple coexisting beneficiaries, it will be unfeasible to realize a cooperative control among them. Hence, we propose a game theoretic non-cooperative distributed coordination control (NCDCC) scheme to address multi-operator energy trading and facilitate a powerful control structure for MMGs. The proposed NCDCC coordinates the individual benefits of each MG and achieves a global objective based on differential game theory. Furthermore, it simplifies the implementation of many ADS control functions, including global coordination, local autonomy, and self-healing, by reconsidering an ADS as MMGs and every MG as an agent. Moreover, the NCDCC reduces the control dimension and number of agents by obviating the requirements for a central controller and complex communication topologies. This article investigates the effectiveness, adaptability, and fairness of this scheme by means of several representative cases studies. © 2010-2012 IEEE.
GeniBux-event based intelligent Forex trading strategy enhancer. The Foreign Currency Exchange market (Forex) is the largest financial market in the world with the highest daily trading volume. A highly volatile complex behavior is seen during the time the market is open and understanding market trend patterns solves an enormous amount of problems pertaining to prediction and decision making. Many often traders write trading strategies to identify the significant patterns they have recognized. This concept directly involves trading automation or algorithmic trading but building such a versatile algorithm is quite challenging unless you have a person to suggest improvements in your own algorithm. Therefore, in this paper we propose an intelligent system called Genibux will assist Forex traders to improve their strategies. The system suggests improvements with justifications for the maximum gain of profit. Genibux is mainly based on Complex Event Processing and it has been implemented with highly comprehensible Genibux Strategy Language (GSL) together with Machine Learning and classifying algorithms enclosed in a set of highly interactive interfaces. Most importantly, it performs exceedingly well and depicts more profit gains through Genibux improved trading strategies. © 2016 IEEE.
Global Aircraft Trading System (GATS®). The Global Aircraft Trading System (GATS®) is a system designed to make the trading and financing of aircraft equipment (including leased aircraft in particular) faster, less costly and more efficient, while at the same time protecting the rights of airlines and the other parties in such trade or financing. [1] GATS is a registered trade mark. The GATS electronic platform (the ‘GATS Platform’), which launched on 1 June 2020, is the interface through which lessors, financiers and airlines can use all of the electronic features and functionality of GATS. The GATS Platform may be accessed by navigating to https://e-gats.aero/ and is operated by Fexco on behalf of the Aviation Working Group (AWG). Watson Farley & Williams LLP managed the design and build of the GATS Platform acting, on behalf of AWG, as its ‘single point of contact’ with Fexco. © Chapters and Appendices are the copyright of the individual contributors 2022. All rights reserved.
Global reverse supply chain design for solid waste recycling under uncertainties and carbon emission constraint. The emergence of concerns over environmental protection, resource conservation as well as the development of logistics operations and manufacturing technology has led several countries to implement formal collection and recycling systems of solid waste. Such recycling system has the benefits of reducing environmental pollution, boosting the economy by creating new jobs, and generating income from trading the recyclable materials. This leads to the formation of a global reverse supply chain (GRSC) of solid waste. In this paper, we investigate the design of such a GRSC with a special emphasis on three aspects; (1) uncertainty of waste collection levels, (2) associated carbon emissions, and (3) challenges posed by the supply chain's global aspect, particularly the maritime transportation costs and currency exchange rates. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first attempt to integrate the three above-mentioned important aspects in the design of a GRSC. We have used mixed integer-linear programming method along with robust optimization to develop the model which is validated using a sample case study of e-waste management. Our results show that using a robust model by taking the complex interactions characterizing global reverse supply chain networks into account, we can create a better GRSC. The effect of uncertainties and carbon constraints on decisions to reduce costs and emissions are also shown. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
Greatly boosting electrochemical hydrogen evolution reaction over Ni3S2 nanosheets rationally decorated by Ni3Sn2S2 quantum dots. The electrode kinetics of hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) greatly relies on both strong water absorption and strong H atom desorption for fast electron transfer while prompting hydrogen evolution, but it is very challenging to achieve due to the tough trading off between water absorption and H-desorption ability of the catalyst. Herein, a unique high-surficial multi-heteroatomic catalytic process is realized by rationally design and tailor Ni<inf>3</inf>Sn<inf>2</inf>S<inf>2</inf> dots-decorated thin Ni<inf>3</inf>S<inf>2</inf> nanosheets to form sheets-on-sheets array self-supported electrode by simple hydrothermal process. The formed Ni<inf>3</inf>Sn<inf>2</inf>S<inf>2</inf>@Ni<inf>3</inf>S<inf>2</inf>-2 NF delivers a superior performance very close to the noble catalyst (Pt/C) at low current densities with an onset-potential of nearly 0 mV and overpotentials of 50.7 mV at 10 mA cm−2 while surprisingly surpassing Pt/C at high current densities. The outstanding HER performance of the catalyst can be ascribed that the rationally tuned multi-heterogeneous interfaces and electronic structure control can realize both strong water absorption and strong H atom desorption to not only significantly promotes fast electron transfer, but also greatly enhances the gas release toward efficient HER. This work holds a great promise to fabricate a non-noble HER catalyst for high-performance close to the noble catalysts such as Pt/C while shedding a light on fundamentals to guide construction of high-surficial heteroatomic multi-heterogeneous catalysts with superior performance. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
GreenIQ: A Deep Search Platform for Comprehensive Carbon Market Analysis and Automated Report Generation. This study introduces GreenIQ, an AI-powered deep search platform designed to revolutionise carbon market intelligence through autonomous analysis and automated report generation. Carbon markets operate across diverse regulatory landscapes, generating vast amounts of heterogeneous data from policy documents, industry reports, academic literature, and real-time trading platforms. Traditional research approaches remain labour-intensive, slow, and difficult to scale. GreenIQ addresses these limitations through a multi-agent architecture powered by Large Language Models (LLMs), integrating five specialised AI agents: a Main Researcher Agent for intelligent information retrieval, a Report Writing Agent for structured synthesis, a Final Reviewer Agent for accuracy verification, a Data Visualisation Agent for enhanced interpretability, and a Translator Agent for multilingual adaptation. The system achieves seamless integration of structured and unstructured information with AI-driven citation verification, ensuring high transparency and reliability. GreenIQ delivers a 99.2% reduction in processing time and a 99.7% cost reduction compared to traditional research methodologies. A novel AI persona-based evaluation framework involving 16 domain-specific AI personas highlights its superior cross-jurisdictional analytical capabilities and regulatory insight generation. GreenIQ sets new standards in AI-driven research synthesis, policy analysis, and sustainability finance by streamlining carbon market research. It offers an efficient and scalable framework for environmental and financial intelligence, enabling more accurate, timely, and cost-effective decision-making in complex regulatory landscapes. © 2025 IEEE.
Guaranteeing Accuracy and Fairness under Fluctuating User Traffic: A Bankruptcy-Inspired Re-ranking Approach. Out of sustainable and economical considerations, two-sided recommendation platforms must satisfy the needs of both users and providers. Previous studies often show that the two sides' needs show different urgency: providers need a relatively long-term exposure demand while users want more short-term and accurate service. However, our empirical study reveals that previous methods for trading off fairness-accuracy often fail to guarantee long-term fairness and short-term accuracy simultaneously in real applications of fluctuating user traffic. Especially, when user traffic is low, the user experience often drops a lot. Our theoretical analysis also confirms that user traffic is a key factor in such a trade-off problem. How to guarantee accuracy and fairness under fluctuating user traffic remains a problem. Inspired by the bankruptcy problem in economics, we propose a novel fairness-aware re-ranking approach named BankFair. Intuitively, BankFair employs the Talmud rule to leverage periods of abundant user traffic to offset periods of user traffic scarcity, ensuring consistent user service at every period while upholding long-term fairness. Specifically, BankFair consists of two modules: (1) employing the Talmud rule to determine the required fairness degree under varying periods of user traffic; and (2) conducting an online re-ranking algorithm based on the fairness degree determined by the Talmud rule. Experiments on two real-world recommendation datasets show that BankFair outperforms all baselines regarding accuracy and provider fairness. © 2024 ACM.
HARV: Harnessing hybrid virtualization to improve instance (re)usage in public cloud. In the public cloud market, there has been a constant battle over the billing options of the cloud instances between their providers and their users. The users generally have to pay for the entire billing cycle even on fractional usage. Ideally, the residual life-cycles should be resalable by the users, which demands efficient resource consolidation and multiplexing; otherwise, the revenue and use cases are confined by the transient nature of the instances. This paper presents HARV, a novel cloud service that facilitates the management and trade of cloud instances through a third-party platform to run buyers' tasks. The platform relies on hybrid virtualization, an infrastructure layout integrating both the hypervisor-based virtualization and lightweight containerization. It further incorporates a truthful online auction mechanism for instance trading and resource allocation. Our design achieves efficient resource consolidation with no need for provider-level support, and we have deployed a prototype of HARV on the Amazon EC2 public cloud. Our evaluations on both micro-benchmarks and real-life workloads reveal that applications experience negligible performance overhead when hosted on HARV. Trace-driven simulations further show that HARV can achieve substantial cost savings. © 2017 IEEE.
Harnessing Behavioral Traits to Enhance Financial Stock Recommender Systems: Tackling the User Cold Start Problem. Recommender systems often struggle with the user cold start problem, which arises when there is a lack of interaction data for new users. This issue is particularly important in financial stock recommendations, as novice investors often lack investment experience and require personalized advice more than experienced users. Behavioral finance offers valuable insights into investor preferences and highlights the impact of psychological factors on investor behavior. In this paper, we present a novel framework that integrates behavioral finance with financial stock recommendations to effectively tackle the user cold start problem. To that end, we first conduct a survey involving 964 Japanese individual investors to gather investment-related behavioral traits while collecting their transaction data in a trading platform. Then, we introduce the Investor Risk-tolerance Aware DropoutNet (IRAD) and show its improved performance over baseline models, demonstrating its effectiveness for stock recommendations in cold start settings. Finally, we offer an example of how incorporating investors' behavioral traits can result in more interpretable stock recommendations. © 2023 IEEE.
HedgeAgents: A Balanced-aware Multi-agent Financial Trading System. As automated trading gains traction in the financial market, algorithmic investment strategies are increasingly prominent. While Large Language Models (LLMs) and Agent-based models exhibit promising potential in real-time market analysis and trading decisions, they still experience a significant -20% loss when confronted with rapid declines or frequent fluctuations, impeding their practical application. Hence, there is an imperative to explore a more robust and resilient framework. This paper introduces an innovative multi-agent system, HedgeAgents, aimed at bolstering system robustness via “hedging” strategies. In this well-balanced system, an array of hedging agents has been tailored, where HedgeAgents consist of a central fund manager and multiple hedging experts specializing in various financial asset classes. These agents leverage LLMs' cognitive capabilities to make decisions and coordinate through three types of conferences. Benefiting from the powerful understanding of LLMs, our HedgeAgents attained a 70% annualized return and a 400% total return over a period of 3 years. Moreover, we have observed with delight that HedgeAgents can even formulate investment experience comparable to those of human experts (https://hedgeagents.github.io/). © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
Hierarchical Assessment of Safety Requirements for Configurations of Autonomous Driving Systems. Autonomous Driving Systems (ADSs) are complex systems that must satisfy multiple safety requirements. In particular cases, all the requirements cannot be satisfied at the same time, and the control software of the ADS must make trade-offs among their satisfaction. Usually, the trading-offs in the decision-making process are configurable; different configuration options can affect driving behaviors, satisfying or violating requirements at different degrees. Therefore, it is highly important to know whether a configuration can guarantee a safe drive or not, i.e., whether it leads to requirement violations that exceed the allowable range or not. However, there is currently no approach to systematically assess the safety of ADS configurations from the perspective of requirements violations. To bridge this gap, this paper proposes a 'Hierarchical Safety Assessment' approach (HSA) that is able to quantitatively analyze the violation severity of safety requirements and distinguish safer ADS configurations based on the requirements violations comparison done in a hierarchical way by following requirements importance. We apply HSA to an industrial ADS under six traffic situations. Evaluation results show that HSA is effective in distinguishing safer configurations and provides useful feedback to ADS engineers to reconfigure the ADS in a better way. © 2022 IEEE.
Home Energy Management Systems under Effects of Solar-Battery Smart Inverter Functions. Rooftop solar panels paired with home-scale batteries are increasingly popular in the residential area and they bring a fantastic opportunity to households, considered as prosumers, to make benefits from trading electricity. Unlike research in the literature, we consider the trading with technical influences of utility requirements: Volt-Watt and Volt-Var functions. As possible active power curtailments may occur and lead to economic losses to households, our work reveals how a home energy management system (HEMS) maximizes profit from trading energy with an aggregator and an electricity retailer. Appropriate optimization problems are formulated with technical constraints, these functions, and home appliances. HEMS responses are optimized in two phases. The first phase is for planning an optimal day-ahead energy commitment to the aggregator with a consideration of the predicted power curtailments. On the day of operation, the second phase tries to follow the commitment by reoptimizing the responses in the real condition. Simulation of a practical power system shows that addressing these functions can mitigate power curtailment, reduce economic loss, and improve home profits. © 2020 Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc. © 2020 Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
How AI shapes return extrapolation in financial markets? From presence to interaction. Purpose – As artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities advance, machine agents are increasingly integrated into financial markets, making it crucial to understand their influence on market dynamics. This study investigates how the presence and disclosure of machine agents influence return extrapolation, a key behavioral bias in financial decision-making, and subsequently explores which human–machine interaction (HCI) design paradigms may mitigate this bias. Design/methodology/approach – Human–machine hybrid Prediction Markets are used to extract and integrate beliefs from both human and machine agents. This work, through two empirical studies, aims to address two research questions: (1) To what extent does the introduction of machine agents and their presence disclosure affect the return extrapolation of the entire trader population, including both human and machine traders? (2) Which design paradigms of HCI may further mitigate return extrapolation? Findings – First, the introduction of machine agents significantly reduces return extrapolation. Second, disclosing the presence of machine agents weakens their effectiveness in reducing return extrapolation. Third, implementing a competitive goal structure between human and machine agents further reduces return extrapolation. Fourth, this competitive structure proves most effective when machine agents share profits based on human performance. Originality/value – The findings offer valuable insights into the role of AI in financial markets and provide guidance for the design and governance of financial trading and prediction platforms. © 2026 Emerald Publishing Limited
How Do the Global Stock Markets Influence One Another? Evidence from Finance Big Data and Granger Causality Directed Network. The recent financial network analysis approach reveals that the topologies of financial markets have an important influence on market dynamics. However, the majority of existing Finance Big Data networks are built as undirected networks without information on the influence directions among prices. Rather than understanding the correlations, this research applies the Granger causality test to build the Granger Causality Directed Network for 33 global major stock market indices. The paper further analyzes how the markets influence one another by investigating the directed edges in the different filtered networks. The network topology that evolves in different market periods is analyzed via a sliding window approach and Finance Big Data visualization. By quantifying the influences of market indices, 33 global major stock markets from the Granger causality network are ranked in comparison with the result based on PageRank centrality algorithm. Results reveal that the ranking lists are similar in both approaches where the U.S. indices dominate the top position followed by other American, European, and Asian indices. The lead-lag analysis reveals that there is lag effects among the global indices. The result sheds new insights on the influences among global stock markets with implications for trading strategy design, global portfolio management, risk management, and markets regulation. © 2019, Copyright © 2019 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Human Computer Interaction with Multivariate Sentiment Distributions of Stocks Intraday. In this work we show that the sentiment of the broader stock market, namely the S&P 500, is related to the activity of individual stocks intraday. We introduce a concept we term as embedded context which is an approach to improving unigram language models for restricted use cases. We use a Gaussian Mixture Model to create different sentiment regimes (i.e. distributions) of the broader market over our training period and perform an analysis of the return and volatility characteristics of each stock per each regime. We create an intraday momentum trading strategy using a moving average and Relative Strength Index (RSI) over our testing period with no consideration to our prior sentiment regime analysis which serves as our baseline model. We then create an updated version of our intraday trading strategy which considers the sentiment regime of the broader market. Our results show an improvement in each stock’s intraday strategy performance as a result of considering the broader market’s sentiment regime. © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.
Human Factors in Financial Trading: An Analysis of Trading Incidents. Objective This study tests the reliability of a system (FINANS) to collect and analyze incident reports in the financial trading domain and is guided by a human factors taxonomy used to describe error in the trading domain. Background Research indicates the utility of applying human factors theory to understand error in finance, yet empirical research is lacking. We report on the development of the first system for capturing and analyzing human factors-related issues in operational trading incidents. Method In the first study, 20 incidents are analyzed by an expert user group against a referent standard to establish the reliability of FINANS. In the second study, 750 incidents are analyzed using distribution, mean, pathway, and associative analysis to describe the data. Results Kappa scores indicate that categories within FINANS can be reliably used to identify and extract data on human factors-related problems underlying trading incidents. Approximately 1% of trades (n = 750) lead to an incident. Slip/lapse (61%), situation awareness (51%), and teamwork (40%) were found to be the most common problems underlying incidents. For the most serious incidents, problems in situation awareness and teamwork were most common. Conclusion We show that (a) experts in the trading domain can reliably and accurately code human factors in incidents, (b) 1% of trades incur error, and (c) poor teamwork skills and situation awareness underpin the most critical incidents. Application This research provides data crucial for ameliorating risk within financial trading organizations, with implications for regulation and policy. © Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Human-Robot Interactions in Investment Decisions. We study the introduction of robo-advising on a large set of employee saving plans. Different from many services that fully automate portfolio decisions, our robo-advisor proposes investment and rebalancing strategies, leaving investors free to follow or ignore them. The resulting human-robot interactions occur both at the time of the subscription and over time, as the robot sends alerts when the investor’s portfolio gets too far from the target allocation. We show that the robo-service is associated with an increase in investors’ attention and trading activities. Following the robot’s alerts, investors change their rebalancing behaviors so as to stay closer to their target allocation, which results in larger portfolio returns. Counterfactual returns induced by automatic rebalancing by the robot would be only slightly higher, suggesting that, on average, the financial cost of letting investors retain control is not large. © 2024 INFORMS
Hybrid Transformer Based Framework for Enhanced Financial Market Analysis and Online Trading Forecasting. Through the monitoring of consumer behaviour in both online and physical transactions, the integration of the IOT into financial market analytics presents substantial opportunities for enhanced financial market analysis and online trading. This study delves at how data afforded by the IOT can be combined from many sources to enhance our understanding of trading behaviour, customer demand, and how these factors affect the performance of securities. The consumption intensity of different groups was determined using data from retail platforms; this has direct and indirect effects on how merchants allocate capital. Preprocessing methods normalised the data, and feature extraction yielded useful market insights. They introduce the DefT, a hybrid transformer design adapted from defect detection for analysis of financial data at several scales, with the goal of improving predictive capabilities. In order to accurately mimic interactions in contexts of varying sizes, DefT employs patch aggregation, locally position-aware encoding, and lightweight multi-pooling self-attention. The model demonstrated strong performance in analysing trading patterns and market movements, with an accuracy of 94.02%. Financial market analytics and online trading can benefit from improved forecast accuracy, decision-making, and strategic outcomes through the integration of IoT-driven data collecting with advanced transformer-based analysis. © 2025 IEEE.
Hypergraph Neural Networks to Predict Stock Movements by Exploring Higher-order Relationships. Predicting stock price movements can be framed as a classification task, where the goal is to anticipate whether a stock will increase, decrease, or remain stable. Most existing approaches rely solely on the movement patterns of individual stocks or stock pairs, overlooking the more complex, higher-order connections that exist among groups of stocks. In practice, stocks are often interrelated in higher orders, for example, by belonging to the same industry sector or being jointly held within the same investment fund. To address this, we compare 4 hypergraph neural network-based approaches to make spatio-temporal predictions for stock movement prediction, which explicitly leverages these higher-order dependencies. We use two heterogeneous hypergraphs, where one hypergraph represents sector-based associations and the other one represents fund-holding relationships among stocks. In general, we found the hierarchical hypergraph attention mechanism and temporal attention to be effective in achieving better performance. A hierarchical hypergraph attention mechanism models these relationships by weighting the contributions of stock nodes, hyperedges, and even the hypergraphs themselves. Temporal attention captures time-dependent dynamics of both stock and sector sequences, effectively accounting for the influence of past states. Experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that the methods specializing in hypergraph integration achieve superior performance compared to existing methods, both in terms of predictive accuracy and profitability. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
ITTS Mart: Mobile Application Design using Lean-UX. This paper describes a study on developing a mobile-based trading application prototype. The Telkom Surabaya Institute of Technology has a roof used for research on hydroponics and aquaponics. These activities produce excellent quality products such as fish, vegetables, and fruits. These products have been sold to the academic community and the public via WhatsApp and have yet to be dealt with optimally. Because of these problems, this research wants to utilize mobile platforms to sell hydroponic and aquaponic products so that they can be marketed optimally and accessed by many people. This study uses the Lean UX method with usability testing. The Lean UX method can complete the development of the ITTS Mart mobile platform more quickly by collaborating between functionalities so that it focuses on building prototypes through declaring assumptions, creating minimum viable products, running experiments and feedback and research. The study evaluated the design results to determine the level of usability following the perspective of potential ITTS Mart users. The preliminary research results show that the most significant gap is web appearance, so this research focuses on that dimension. In this study, the test results showed a significant difference at the 95% confidence level; only one variable, namely response time, indicated that respondents were satisfied with the reaction time or speed of the ITTS Mart. In addition to the variable response time, it shows a significant difference between expectations and experience when using the ITTS Mart application. From these results, there needs to be further research that focuses on six variables that indicate the presence of respondents' dissatisfaction with ITTS Mart. ITTS Mart developers should focus on improving applications at the level of trust in the application, application page views, application user experience, application-related government regulations, and the ability to carry out transactions as the primary function. © 2022 IEEE.
Identification of the opportunities to improve customer's experience in e-commerce. Nowadays, the increased number of internet users forces a different kind of companies to expand their businesses and use the possibility to trade online. Nevertheless, going online requires a lot of effort from the company, including attention to details such as user experience and retention. Mainly, existing literature mostly describes the user as the most important factor for a business to gain higher profits in e-commerce sales. This research is aimed to evaluate the impact of defined criteria on a user's experience while making purchases on e-commerce websites. The paper observes and defines criteria that possibly could make an influence on customer's perception of e-commerce platforms. Defined criteria are examined by applying the AHP method in order to evaluate their importance according to the expert's opinion. To identify the impact of these criteria on the user's impression and to choose the best alternative was applied to another multi-criteria decision-making method-the TOPSIS. The main finding is that the nature of the user's experience does have an impact on how the consumer perceives the specific e-commerce platform. Although there were some limitations to evaluate the user's experience, they are owning to the fact that it needed to assess and proceed with more data that includes other influencing factors. The results of this research can be used in e-commerce, trading, and service companies as a tool to appraise to choose the way of developing websites for trading. © 2020, Success Culture Press. All rights reserved.
Identifying topics for e-cigarette user-generated contents: A case study from multiple social media platforms. Background: Electronic cigarette (e-cigarette) is an emerging product with a rapid-growth market in recent years. Social media has become an important platform for information seeking and sharing. We aim to mine hidden topics from e-cigarette datasets collected from different social media platforms. Objective: This paper aims to gain a systematic understanding of the characteristics of various types of social media, which will provide deep insights into how consumers and policy makers effectively use social media to track e-cigarette-related content and adjust their decisions and policies. Methods: We collected data from Reddit (27,638 e-cigarette flavor-related posts from January 1, 2011, to June 30, 2015), JuiceDB (14,433 e-juice reviews from June 26, 2013 to November 12, 2015), and Twitter (13,356 "e-cig ban"-related tweets from January, 1, 2010 to June 30, 2015). Latent Dirichlet Allocation, a generative model for topic modeling, was used to analyze the topics from these data. Results: We found four types of topics across the platforms: (1) promotions, (2) flavor discussions, (3) experience sharing, and (4) regulation debates. Promotions included sales from vendors to users, as well as trades among users. A total of 10.72% (2,962/27,638) of the posts from Reddit were related to trading. Promotion links were found between social media platforms. Most of the links (87.30%) in JuiceDB were related to Reddit posts. JuiceDB and Reddit identified consistent flavor categories. E-cigarette vaping methods and features such as steeping, throat hit, and vapor production were broadly discussed both on Reddit and on JuiceDB. Reddit provided space for policy discussions and majority of the posts (60.7%) holding a negative attitude toward regulations, whereas Twitter was used to launch campaigns using certain hashtags. Our findings are based on data across different platforms. The topic distribution between Reddit and JuiceDB was significantly different (P<.001), which indicated that the user discussions focused on different perspectives across the platforms. Conclusions: This study examined Reddit, JuiceDB, and Twitter as social media data sources for e-cigarette research. These mined findings could be further used by other researchers and policy makers. By utilizing the automatic topic-modeling method, the proposed unified feedback model could be a useful tool for policy makers to comprehensively consider how to collect valuable feedback from social media. © Yongcheng Zhan, Ruoran Liu, Qiudan Li, Scott James Leischow, Daniel Dajun Zeng.
Identity management and tradable reputation. Online reputation trading is a new phenomenon facilitated by the prosperity of e-commerce and social networks. Whether reputations will be reliable when people can purchase rather than build them originally is a natural concern and also a challenge to online marketplaces. In the present study, we examine a reputation market in an infinitely repeated game setting, where agents sell products and trade their online reputations. Agents exert effort to provide products, and their reputations are updated based on consumer feedback. High-type agents have a lower cost of effort than low types. In addition to reputation system, we consider products that are randomly audited, and agents do not receive payment for products that fail the audit. Our analysis depicts a separating equilibrium: high-type agents can be sorted out from low-type agents by their reputations, which contrasts with the results in Tadelis (2002). In a separating equilibrium, reputations become a perfect indicator of agents' types, effort levels, and product quality. We demonstrate the key role of auditing in separating different types of agents, and reveal the substitution effect between auditing frequency and harshness of reputation systems. We also study the design of the reputation system and the audit mechanism in order to achieve different equilibria in the reputation market. By proposing online reputations as an asset, our paper generates implications for establishing reliable online environments and promoting effective online interactions. © 2018 University of Minnesota. All rights reserved.
Image-Based Deep Learning Models for Stock Predictions: Combining Line, Candlestick, and Bar Charts. Recently, numerous studies have appeared in the literature on the use of deep learning techniques to analyze the image patterns for stock prediction. Although there are several different types of imaging techniques that can be used to represent related technical indicators, including line charts, candlestick charts, and bar charts, no one has yet examined the effect of using these types of image visualization techniques on the prediction performance of deep learning models. In this paper, three types of image patterns are compared, specifically, line charts with trading volume information represented by a bar chart, candlestick charts with trading volume information, and a mixed type of image with two other related technical indicators, that is, MACD and RSI. The experimental results that are based on data for six companies from different industries and with different scales of stock price fluctuation show that the mixed image pattern type allows 2-D CNN and VGG16 to perform better than the other two image pattern types in terms of predicting the stock prices for the next day, week, and month. In addition, they outperform the LSTM and 1-D CNN baseline models when using the time series data representing historical stock prices. Furthermore, three ensemble deep learning models are constructed for performance comparison, including VGG16-LSTM, 2-D CNN-LSTM, and the stacking model, in which the VGG16-LSTM and the stacking models perform the best for the prediction of short- to mid-term and mid- to long-term stock prices, respectively. © 2026 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Impact on investor financial behavior in digital platforms: E-gratification, E-trust, E-consistency. In this digital world of today, we have seen that investor behavior is significantly impacting by the attributes of digital investment platforms. The researcher crucially examines the impact of basically three factors and those are e-gratification, e-trust, and e-consistency on investor's behavior. In the line of discussion about e-gratification, it refers to the instant satisfaction and convenience offered by the digital platforms, which can help boost user engagement and prompt investment decisions. E-trust encompasses to build lasting connections with the platform's security, reliability, accuracy, and integrity of information provide, which is essential for building long term relationships and encouraging investment commitments. This is known as e-trust. E-consistency is all about platform's capacity to provide customer with a seamless, consistent and smooth experience across different interfaces, which eventually increases investor's confidence and decreases uncertainty. There are studies present and the recent reports which highlight notable shifts in a manner financiers communicate with fiscal markets through digital channels. For example, a 2023 survey by Brunswick found that 94% of investors use machine learning and AI to see or review data from the digital platforms or from other sources. All of this indicates that financiers are relying on digital tools for the investment decisions. The Amundi Research Centre identifies that 33% of financiers on social trading platforms experience increases riskier trading behaviors. Study by Financial Planning Association shows that Usage of social media has surged, with 67% using YouTube for the taking decisions while investment and it is higher than the non-users. This clearly shows the importance of these digital elements in enhancing investor engagement and confidence. With the exploratory cum descriptive research deign, the researcher highlights and underscores the critical importance of digital platform features play in influencing investor behavior and provides the practical insights for platform developers and service providers. The study concludes that the digital platforms may better serve investor's demands by maximizing e-gratification, creating strong e-trust mechanisms and guaranteeing e-consistency and definitely it will end up or lead to more and more engagement and investment activities. © 2025 Author(s).
Implementation of Offline Consumer Behavior Tracking. Due to declining trading volume growth in e-commerce platforms, physical channels have attracted considerable investments from various large international companies (e.g. Alibaba, JD, Walmart, Wanda, and Wuzhou International). However, e-commerce platforms can track consumers' behaviors (attraction to landing page design, clicks on certain products, consumer behavior trajectory tracking, clicks on advertisements, and internal link optimization of product pages), a feat unachievable in current physical channels. Consequently, this study attempted to apply the characteristics of online channels in a physical channel by using image object tracking and image detection techniques. Through this inclusion, physical channels are capable of providing consumers with more favorable experience and interaction, and brick-and-mortar store owners can obtain a more accurate understanding of consumer behaviors of store consumers. Information acquired through this system can be provided to store owners to serve as reference for merchandise placement, arrangement of display shelves, and consumer circulation path planning. This study used the technique of image processing to locate the Region of Interest and applied object tracking to get the consumer's trajectory which successfully implemented the consumer-tracking characteristics of online platforms in a physical channel while retaining the unique experience of the physical channel. This results in a win-win scenario for businesses and consumers. © 2021 World Scientific Publishing Company.
Implementing commercial information exchange: a construction supply chain case study. The concept of electronic trading (e-trading) has transformed supply chain interactions in many industries, yet little research explored its implementation by Architecture, Engineering and Construction (AEC) supply chain firms. E-trading relies on commercial information exchange by supply chain partners which is generally adopted through intermediary technology partners (Hub Providers) to facilitate the accurate and timely communication of transactional data between buyers and supplier. A case study was conducted to explore the challenges and barriers to implementation of cross-firm commercial information exchange. The study primarily involved investigation of the interfaces between software development and organizational functions assisting with the electronic exchange of commercial information (eCIX) implementation. Findings from the case study show that implementation of commercial information exchange is not an easy task with several themes of factors to be considered during delivery of such projects, namely technical, coordination, integration and organizational. The study contributes to the knowledge and deployment of e-trading solutions within the context of AEC firms, and should be of interest to the practitioners contemplating similar projects. © 2016 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Implementing trades of the National Football League Draft on blockchain smart contracts. Purpose: Demonstrate proof-of-concept for conducting NFL Draft trades on a blockchain network using smart contracts. Design/methodology/approach: Using Ethereum smart contracts, the authors model several types of draft trades between teams. An example scenario is used to demonstrate contract interaction and draft results. Findings: The authors show the feasibility of conducting draft-day trades using smart contracts. The entire negotiation process, including side deals, can be conducted digitally. Research limitations/implications: Further work is required to incorporate the full-scale depth required to integrate the draft trading process into a decentralized user platform and experience. Practical implications: Cutting time for the trade negotiation process buys decision time for team decision-makers. Gains are also made with accuracy and cost. Social implications: Full-scale adoption may find resistance due to the level of fan involvement; the draft has evolved into an interactive experience for both fans and teams. Originality/value: This research demonstrates the new application of smart contracts in the inter-section of sports management and blockchain technology. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Improving proactive decision making with object trend displays. Operators of dynamic systems often use time-series data to support their diagnostic and proactive decision-making. Those data have traditionally been displayed in the form of separate trend charts, for example, line graphs of pressure and temperature over time. Configural object displays are a widely advocated approach to the visual integration of information yet have been applied only rarely to time-series data. One example was the 'time tunnel' format but its benefits were equivocal, seemingly compromised by its graphical complexity. There is then the need to investigate other graphical forms for object displays of time series data. This research will require a microworld representing a knowledge-rich task domain accessible to multiple participants (the nuclear power plant simulation used with the time tunnel display studies required participants to have 20 hours of experience with the system). We report a design for such a microworld that adopts the domain of financial control of a business where decisions need to be made about the pricing of products to optimize returns in a changing and sometimes volatile market. Alternative visual displays of the essential time series data for this domain are possible and whilst decision making is knowledge rich, involving reasoning about high level relationships, pilot tests showed that it is accessible to participants with only moderate training. © 2016 ACM.
Improving the development technology of an oil and gas company using the minimax optimality criterion. The article deals with the problem of adaptation of the Russian oil and gas company (No-vatek, Russia) to the rapidly changing external environment, the avalanche of data from competi-tors, and the need to filter important information for business development and the prosperity of the industry as a whole. The approach is based on the system of integrated software monitoring of key business processes at the enterprise developed by the authors—from the formation of the idea of a new product to its implementation to paying customers. The scientific novelty lies in the use of an optimization model that allows for minimizing the maximum losses of the investor at all levels of decision‐making, from the distribution of capital between companies, to the optimization of internal reserves to increase the competitiveness of the company. The toolkit is a minimax model that allows you to redistribute the shares of investor influence at the portfolio level, and then within the business processes of each company selected by investors, in order to achieve the optimal solution in accordance with the selected estimated indicators. Application of the well‐known portfolio investment models of Markowitz, Tobin, Sharp, etc. is not possible due to the lack of necessary data on the basis of which the probabilistic parameters involved in the model are estimated. Even if we get them, it is necessary to take into account the level of correlation influence of the technological process in the composition of each subsystem, which is unacceptable for the data used, as it leads to a strong increase in errors. Using minimax and a systematic approach allows you to minimize such errors by choosing a balanced concentration of distributed assets for both the investor and the buyer. To this end, a three‐way analysis of the company’s development was carried out and a technology for comprehensive improvement of the company’s activities was developed in the following areas: the company’s rating in the industry, financial condition, and interaction with counterparties using merchandising technologies. Tools for optimal image zoning at the Novatek site using the minimax approximation criterion have been developed. The technology provides a procedure for creating a comfortable mode of image perception based on high‐tech visualization of merchandis-ing, zoning of the screen area, and a mathematical approach that allows you to develop a calculation algorithm. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Industrial Teleassistance with the Help of Augmented Reality. This paper details the integration of augmented reality (AR) in a new factory, focusing on enhancing maintenance efficiency and optimization. The innovative approach involves combining AR technology, an Android application, and Siemens PLCs (Programmable Logic Controller), for efficient automation. The robustness of the PLC enables seamless integration within manufacturing environments, accommodating diverse programming paradigms. The software aspect features Human Machine Interface (HMI) configuration using Siemens' WinCC software, offering dynamic visualizations, alarm handling, and data logging. WinCC's scalability suits applications of varying sizes. The HMI architecture is designed for easy parameter display. The Android application, developed with Java and Python, leverages their respective strengths in Android app development and image processing. Data exchange is facilitated by OPC-UA, supporting multiple programming languages for seamless communication. The AR Teleassistance is highlighted as a revolutionary solution, fostering real-Time communication among global experts, technicians, and operators. Beyond gaming origins, AR teleassistance enhances efficiency in various sectors, minimizing downtime and facilitating global knowledge transfer. The integration of Teleassistance promotes effective collaboration between human expertise and automated systems, crucial for optimal performance in modern industrial settings. Continuous development is suggested through the addition of more 3D mechanical drawings and real-Time stock information for parts in the application, aiming for future optimization and performance enhancement. © 2024 IEEE.
Information richness and trust in v-commerce: implications for services marketing. Purpose: The potential for e-commerce is limited by a trust deficit when traders do not interact in a physical, bricks-and-mortar context. The theory of information richness posits that equivocal interactions, such as ones requiring trust, can be facilitated through communication media that transmit multiple cues interactively. This study aims to examine the potential of information-rich virtual worlds to reduce this trust deficit compared with more traditional Web-based e-tailing environments. Design/methodology/approach: Rather than focusing on stated intentions, the authors adopt an experimental approach to measure behaviour. Participants receive performance-related financial incentives to perform trust games in different information-rich treatments that represent three retail environments: a physical environment representing bricks-and-mortar trade, an electronic environment representing Web-based online retailing and a virtual environment representing virtual world retail. Findings: The authors find that the two dimensions of trust significantly differ between the treatments. In particular, as hypothesised, both trustingness and trustworthiness are higher in the virtual than in the electronic environment. However, contrary to the hypotheses, physical trade is not associated with greater trust than virtual trade. Research limitations/implications: The authors extend previous research by demonstrating how the information richness of the virtual world interface can promote e-commerce by deepening trust between trading partners. This research also complements existing work that approaches product and service interfaces through the lens of servicescapes. Practical implications: The findings also contribute towards the development of services marketing practice and the design of e-commerce environments. Originality/value: Much of the work in this space considers purchase intentions and attitudes around trust, whereas this study looks at actual trust behaviour in the virtual space. © 2017, © Emerald Publishing Limited.
Innovative Real Estate Management System: Artificial Intelligence-based Segregation. Information technology has grown very fast and has led to a lot of changes in the property industry, thus demanding businesses to enhance their operational standards. This research study analyses how an advanced Real Estate Management System is designed and executed; this includes creating useful functions for working with data (CRUD operations), and better security measures among others like complex information visualization frameworks. The MERN stack is used here where innovative technologies are employed such as MongoDB as the database system; Express.js which is a web application framework running on Node.js; React that allows building user interfaces and finally Node.js itself being used for server-side scripting enabling asynchronous event-driven I/O. It offers a flexible and responsive structure that can handle huge sets of data common with real estate transactions during different stages. Apart from that, the system has a very broad user authentication method that adheres to the best practices used in the industry for ensuring data integrity and confidentiality. The system also comes with extensive data visualization capabilities by leveraging charting libraries like D3.js and Chart.js which allow quick viewing of property information, financials as well as market analysis by clients and administrators alike. In impact, the whole thing works as a planning tool, allowing professionals in the property sector to the productivity, safety, and definition of vision necessary to make accurate choices in a rapidly evolving digital context. © 2024 IEEE.
Innovative stormwater management credit trading program for the city of los angeles. The City of Los Angeles recently adopted a Low Impact Development (LID) ordinance that requires all new development to retain or biotreat the 85th percentile storm (0.75 inch storm event) from the development site to mitigate urban runoff pollution. This requirement can be challenging to implement, especially in very densely populated areas of the City and within high density developments, where there is limited opportunity for on-site stormwater management systems. A stormwater management credit (SMC) trading program is an innovative way to allow private capital to benefit all properties on a watershed basis. The City of LA Bureau of Sanitation (LASAN) is conducting a feasibility study to demonstrate the viability and structure for a city-wide SMC trading system. The program provides an opportunity for private developers purchase off-site stormwater management credits or pay an in-lieu fee to comply with the LID ordinance, rather than achieve full LID ordinance compliance on-site. Property owners or developers that can mitigate stormwater inexpensively can generate credits at a low cost and sell them into the market at a profit, while those that face a high cost of management can achieve compliance more cost effectively by buying credits. © ©2015 Water Environmental Federation.
Integrating Large Language Models with Deep Reinforcement Learning for Portfolio Optimization. This paper explores the application of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) and Large Language Models (LLMs) to portfolio optimization, a critical financial task requiring strategies to balance risk and return in volatile markets. Traditional models often struggle with the complexity of financial markets, whereas Reinforcement Learning (RL) provides end-to-end frameworks for learning optimal, dynamic trading policies through sequential decision-making and trial-and-error interactions. The study examines key DRL algorithms, including Q-learning, Deep Q-Networks (DQN), Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO), and Twin-Delayed Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (TD3), emphasizing their strengths in dynamic asset allocation. Crucial components of financial RL systems are discussed, such as state representations, reward function designs, its algorithms, and main approaches. Furthermore, the survey investigates how LLMs enhance decision-making by analyzing unstructured data (like news and social media) for sentiment and risk assessment, often integrating these insights to augment state representations or guide reward shaping within DRL frameworks. © (2025), (Science and Information Organization). All rights reserved.
Integrating smart production and multi-objective reverse logistics for the optimum consumer-centric complex retail strategy towards a smart factory's solution. In response to complex retail challenges, the elasticity of production and logistic efficacy can minimize expenses, which always meets consumer satisfaction. The approach evolves by implementing a retail logistics strategy to integrate advanced production information under diverse trading modes. The research promotes a high level of consumer service, and on the other hand, the remanufacturing establishes a significant retail insight by holistically defining the prime pillar in the success of reverse e-commerce platforms. In reality, the advent of strategy actualizes quantifying success components in retail logistics practices with an adequate understanding of consumer preferences. The approach intensifies consumer expectations to trigger retailing efforts and ensures effective interaction, which is a prominent challenge to retailers. In this context, consumer-centric retail strategy is reshaped under the robust paradigm to facilitate the impact of the retail economy in the logistics framework. The study proposes a comprehensive mathematical framework with multiple objectives following restrictions to implement the marketing operations under two distinct retail scenarios. The findings demonstrate consumer loyalty and outline the logistics experiences with declining total costs and delivery time by looking at cooperative interaction methodology. An excellent measure reveals a consumer service goal of reducing the 34% expenses and 25% delivery time of the product by expanding a 20% green advantage into logistics retailing. The empirical analysis revamps the conceptual underpinnings of the reverse logistics business and extends a novel opportunity in marketing. More specifically, the trend has led to anticipating the subject's intention under the logistics operational services. © 2025 Elsevier Inc.
Intelligenie-A Voice based Desktop Assistant. In the era of digital transformation, personal assistant technologies have evolved to become integral parts of daily life. This project aims to develop a voice-based personal desktop assistant, leveraging machine learning and natural language processing (NLP) techniques. This abstract explores the key features and functionalities of these assistants, including speech recognition for accurate voice-to-text conversion, natural language understanding (NLU) for interpreting user commands, task automation for executing various tasks, information retrieval for providing real-time updates and personalized recommendations, and multi-platform integration for ubiquitous accessibility across devices. The assistant will be designed to perform a variety of tasks, including the voice Command Recognition in the implementing of a robust speech recognition system to accurately understand and interpret user commands. Task Automation for the Integration with various applications and services to automate tasks such as scheduling meetings, setting reminders, sending emails, and managing to-do lists. Information Retrieval: Utilizing web scraping and API integration to retrieve real-time information such as weather updates, news headlines, and stock market data based on user queries. Personalization: Incorporating machine learning algorithms to learn user preferences and tailor responses and recommendations accordingly. Security and Privacy: Implementing encryption and secure authentication mechanisms to protect user data and ensure privacy. The project aims to provide a seamless and intuitive user experience, enhancing productivity and convenience in daily tasks through the power of voice interaction with the desktop assistant. © Grenze Scientific Society, 2024.
Intelligent agents for adaptive security market surveillance. Market surveillance systems have increasingly gained in usage for monitoring trading activities in stock markets to maintain market integrity. Existing systems primarily focus on the numerical analysis of market activity data and generally ignore textual information. To fulfil the requirements of information-based surveillance, a multi-agent-based architecture that uses agent intercommunication and incremental learning mechanisms is proposed to provide a flexible and adaptive inspection process. A prototype system is implemented using the techniques of text mining and rule-based reasoning, among others. Based on experiments in the scalping surveillance scenario, the system can identify target information evidence up to 87.50% of the time and automatically identify 70.59% of cases depending on the constraints on the available information sources. The results of this study indicate that the proposed information surveillance system is effective. This study thus contributes to the market surveillance literature and has significant practical implications. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Intelligent price alert system for digital assets - Cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrency market is very volatile, trading prices for some tokens can experience a sudden spike up or downturn in a matter of minutes. As a result, traders are facing difficulty following with all the trading price movements unless they are monitoring them manually. Hence, we propose a real-time alert system for monitoring those trading prices, sending notifications to users if any target prices match or an anomaly occurs. We adopt a streaming platform as a backbone of our system. It can handle thousands of messages per second with low latency rate at an average of 19 seconds on our testing environment. Long-Short-Term-Memory (LSTM) model is used as an anomaly detector. We compare the impact of five different data normalisation approaches with LSTM model on Bitcoin price dataset. Result shows that decimal scaling produces only Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) of 8.4 per cent prediction error rate on daily price data, which is the best performance achieved compared to other observed methods. However, with one-minute price dataset, our model produces higher prediction error making it impractical to distinguish between normal and anomaly points of price movement. © 2019 Association for Computing Machinery.
InterDiff: Synthesizing Financial Time Series with Inter-Stock Correlations via Classifier-Free Guided Diffusion. Stock prediction is hindered by data scarcity, and although existing data augmentation techniques have made significant strides, they often overlook the dynamic inter-stock interactions crucial for robust modeling. To address these challenges, we propose InterDiff, a diffusion-based framework that synthesizes realistic financial time series by dynamically modeling both intra- and inter-stock correlations. InterDiff employs hierarchical transformers to learn these correlations, encoding them into a guidance vector that steers a diffusion model via classifier-free guidance. This approach ensures that the synthetic data preserves fidelity while introducing controlled variability. Evaluations on CSI300 and CSI800 show that models trained on InterDiff-augmented data boost the information coefficient by 1.13–4.70% on CSI300 and 40.15–49.60% on CSI800, while delivering cumulative return improvements of 0.57–13.87% on CSI300 and 28.72–51.33% on CSI800 under 0.1% per-trade cost. The framework outperforms alternatives such as DiffsFormer and Quant GAN. Ablation studies reveal a fidelity-diversity tradeoff: while larger guidance strength improves synthetic data fidelity, it does not necessarily enhance prediction performance. Visualizations confirm the preservation of inter-stock correlations and a reduction in overfitting. These results demonstrate InterDiff’s ability to enhance robustness and profitability in real-world trading environments and mitigate data scarcity. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026.
Interactive Smart Platform for Commodity Exchange. In the dynamic landscape of e-commerce, the evolution of web applications continually strives to enhance user engagement and satisfaction. This paper is mainly intended to deploy a website for in-campus trading and presents a novel approach to enriching the online shopping experience for the university students. The application facilitates seamless product uploads, wishlist management and others alongwith a groundbreaking feature enabling direct communication between users and product owners in real-time. The following introduction outlines the significance of this innovative approach and its potential impact on modern e-commerce platforms. © 2024 IEEE.
International Conference on Decision Economics, DECON 2019. The proceedings contain 35 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Decision Economics. The topics include: A Lab Experiment Using a Natural Language Interface to Extract Information from Data: The NLIDB Game; the Interdependence of Shared Context: Autonomous Human-Machine Teams; games with Multiple Alternatives Applied to Voting Systems; Measuring the Macroeconomic Uncertainty Based on the News Text by Supervised LDA for Investor’s Decision Making; mapping the Geography of Italian Knowledge; hot Trading and Price Stability Under Media Supervision in the Chinese Stock Market; does Cultural Distance Affect International Trade in the Eurozone?; making Sense of Economics Datasets with Evolutionary Coresets; coordination and Search for New Solutions: An Agent-Based Study on the Tension in Boundary Systems; understanding Microeconomics Through Cognitive Science: Making a Case for Early Entrepreneurial Decisions; concept Cloud-Based Sentiment Visualization for Financial Reviews; Population Aging and Productivity. Does Culture Matter? Some Evidence from the EU; complex Decision-Making Process Underlying Individual Travel Behavior and Its Reflection in Applied Travel Models; learning Uncertainty in Market Trend Forecast Using Bayesian Neural Networks; amortizing Securities as a Pareto-Efficient Reward Mechanism; A Micro-level Analysis of Regional Economic Activity Through a PCA Approach; can a Free Market Be Complete?; the Self-Organizing Map: An Methodological Note; the Study of Co-movement Mechanisms Between the Mainland Chinese and Hong Kong Capital Markets; appeasement or Radicalism: A Game Between Intruders and Occupiers; in Favor of Multicultural Integration: An Experimental Design to Assess Young Migrants’ Literacy Rate; generating Neural Archetypes to Instruct Fast and Interpretable Decisions; preface.
International Conference on Energy Engineering, ICEE 2023. The proceedings contain 80 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Energy Engineering. The topics include: DG Hosting Capacity Analysis Based on Affine Voltage Sensitivity; Short-Term Industrial Load Forecasting Based on VMD-KELM-Xgboost; a Carbon Reduction Contribution Allocation Method of Distribution Network with Photovoltaic and Storage Devices Based on Carbon Flowing Tracking; multi-resource Synergistic Planning Considering Carbon Allowance Trading; analysis of the Influencing Factors of Urban Energy and Electricity Transformation in China Based on Shapley Additive Explanations; Compositional Simulation of CO<inf>2</inf> EOR and Storage in a Low Permeability Oil Reservoir of the Jilin Oilfield; risk Assessment of Change of Important Equipment Management Requirements in Nuclear Power Plant; risk Assessment of Relay Failure in Emergency Diesel Generator of Nuclear Power Plant; research on the Recycling Method of Residual Energy from Waste Batteries; Characteristics of Reservoir Rock and Field Tests of EOR Technology in a Tight Oil Reservoir; composition, Sorption and Stress Sensitivity of Intact and Cleaned Shale Oil Cores; research on Energy Management Strategy Based on Deep Q Learning; research on Technologies Based on State Grid Management Core; validity Standards for Digital Rock Imaging and Analysis; analysis of Energy Storage Value Evolution Considering Cycle Aging Cost; bench-Scale Experiments and Field Tests of Water Flooding Among Horizontal Wells with Zipper Fractures in Tight Oil Reservoir; research on the Assessment Method of Power Layout in the Context of “Dual Carbon”; A Brief Comparison Between Conventional HVDC and VSC-HVDC Transmission System; a 3Y4 Type Growth Curve Improvement Model and Its Validation.
International Stock Index Prediction Using Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and Python Programming. The stock market is one of the best channels for financial development that requires a high accuracy prediction of the trades. This subject needs some technical skills and experience to achieve the best result. This paper represents a tuned Python console program based on the Neural Network (NN), and the Artificial Intelligence (AI) to predict future price in a qualified and quantized way with high accuracy and close to real. New ideas implemented in this paper are combining AI and NN model in the Python console system with a security shell that works with voice and PIN to authenticate the user. It has Cross-Platform capability and supports cryptocurrencies price and their predictions. This program enables the user to have a duplication of the final data in his/her given email. The proposed approach presents the influence of AI and Machine learning in nearly future predictions. This system can be used in the all kinds of subjects that include past time databases. © 2021 IEEE.
Intraday Patterns in Trading Volume. Evidence from High Frequency Data on the Polish Stock Market. According to the literature, there are some possible shapes of intraday patterns in stock market characteristics such as trading volume, transaction costs, order flows, depths, spreads, price returns, stock market resiliency, etc. Empirical investigation and visualization of intraday patterns may be a useful tool for investment decision–making process and can help an analyst to state how particular characteristics vary over a session. In this paper, intraday patterns in trading volume based on high frequency data, are investigated. The data set is large, and it contains transaction data rounded to the nearest second for 10 companies traded in the Warsaw Stock Exchange (WSE). The whole sample covers the long period from January 2005 to December 2018. Extensive studies document various hour-of-the-day patterns in volume on the stock markets in the world. The findings of empirical experiments for real-data from the WSE are in general consistent with the literature and they confirm that intraday trading volume reveals U-similar or M-similar patterns in the case of all investigated equities, for all analyzed periods. © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Intraday online investor sentiment and return patterns in the U.S. stock market. We implement a novel approach to derive investor sentiment from messages posted on social media before we explore the relation between online investor sentiment and intraday stock returns. Using an extensive dataset of messages posted on the microblogging platform StockTwits, we construct a lexicon of words used by online investors when they share opinions and ideas about the bullishness or the bearishness of the stock market. We demonstrate that a transparent and replicable approach significantly outperforms standard dictionary-based methods used in the literature while remaining competitive with more complex machine learning algorithms. Aggregating individual message sentiment at half-hour intervals, we provide empirical evidence that online investor sentiment helps forecast intraday stock index returns. After controlling for past market returns, we find that the first half-hour change in investor sentiment predicts the last half-hour S&P 500 index ETF return. Examining users’ self-reported investment approach, holding period and experience level, we find that the intraday sentiment effect is driven by the shift in the sentiment of novice traders. Overall, our results provide direct empirical evidence of sentiment-driven noise trading at the intraday level. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
InvestEdge: Stock Recommendation and Trading Platform. Online trading integrates finance and technology to transform how individuals engage with financial markets. This paper investigates the evolution of online trading platforms and their influence on trader behavior, risk tolerance, and portfolio performance. Utilizing data from large-scale trading account analyses, field studies with experienced investors, and user feedback, the study identifies critical factors affecting platform efficiency and user satisfaction. In the context of an increasingly globalized and digital financial ecosystem, the findings emphasize the necessity for user-centric design, enhanced consumer awareness, and continuous platform innovation driven by actionable insights. © 2025 IEEE.
InvestMate: An Integrated AI-Driven Framework for Personalized Financial Planning and Real-Time Market Analysis. InvestMate is an innovative finance management application designed to help users take decisions using data-led insights and personalized investment strategies for long-lasting financial security. Using machine learning-(ML), deep learning-(DL) and retrieval-augmented generation-(RAG), InvestMate can provide personalized investment recommendations after assessing users' data. It uses predictive analytics to predict performance for stocks, mutual funds, and gold exchange-traded funds. Users can see visualizations to compare asset prices and investments, compared to price predictions to make solid asset decisions. InvestMate has a finance chatbot using a RAG framework to better user experience by integrating an interactive experience of investment strategies, and financial markets in India. The platform synchronizes real-time market data and financial news to ensure that risk profiles or investment recommendations are effective in keeping the users up to date with emerging trends and economic updates. The seamless fusion of data-led decision making and personalization by melding advanced AI with real-time data integration, makes InvestMate an essential tool for novices or experienced investors looking to easily and more effectively manage your investment portfolio. © 2025 IEEE.
Investigating Accessibility Challenges and Opportunities for Users with Low Vision Disabilities in Customer-To-Customer (C2C) Marketplaces. Inaccessible e-commerce websites and mobile applications exclude people with visual impairments (PVI) from online shopping. Customer-To-customer (C2C) marketplaces, a form of e-commerce where trading happens not between businesses and customers but between customers, could pose a unique set of challenges in the interactions that the platform brings about. Through online questionnaire and remote interviews, we investigate problems experienced by people with low vision disabilities in common C2C scenarios. Our study with low vision participants (N = 12) reveal both previously known general accessibility issues (e.g., web and mobile interface accessibility) and C2C specific accessibility issues (e.g., inability to confirm item condition prior to sales). © 2022 Owner/Author.
Islamic finance and food commodity trading: is there a chance to hedge against price volatility and enhance food security?. This paper evaluates current food commodity trading from the Shariah point of view, which is particularly relevant for the MENA region. It focuses on futures contracts as the main instrument for grain trading and analyzes the traders’ activities. Through a qualitative and multifaceted approach, the paper accumulates and evaluates the suggestions for 15 Shariah-based alternatives to futures by contemporary researchers. Sukuk, commodity funds and takaful programs are among potential structures that could be developed and broadly implemented. The research compares the current criticism of futures markets with the opinions of Islamic scholars and researchers, as well as Shariah standards. The paper also evaluates several recent suggestions by researchers to raise the efficiency of the international commodity trading market for the sake of food security. The results show that there is space for cooperation taking into account Islamic financial principles and conventional commodity exchange regulations, in combining existing best practices of the latter and the rulings of the former in engineering a sounder system of grain trading for the benefit of market players and the end consumers. This would require a joint effort and support from exchanges, standard-setting bodies, and regulators. Among the areas of cooperation are the approach towards corners (ihtikar), squeezes, speculation (gharar, maysir, and najash), and defining the border between reasonable and excess speculation; financial architecture using new technologies in developing a commodity trading contract conforming to the Shariah regulations and the exchange requirements. There is a need to develop the ideas for global food contracts and grain reserve systems, and to test the contracts based on existing exchanges. © 2020
Knowledge-Driven Framework for Designing Visual Analytics Applications. Machine learning and data analysis are becoming an essential part of the decision-making process in modern organizations. Even though new and improved analytics algorithms are developed frequently, organizations are struggling to develop analytics applications that can stay up-To-date with changing business requirements and technology innovations The rapid development of ad-hoc programs to conduct machine learning tasks at hand has resulted in creating more expenses and efforts in the long term, a phenomenon referred to as technical debt in literature. This paper addresses the technical debt associated with data analytics applications by proposing a knowledge repository that captures analytics-related knowledge, which can be developed and maintained separately from the organization's IT infrastructure and used to design analytics applications with visual interfaces. This way, organizations can develop dynamic and adaptable analytics applications with easy-To-follow front-ends and can accommodate new data sources or machine learning models. We evaluate the proposed approach by conducting a case study that develops an application for the acquisition and management of high-frequency financial market data. © 2020 IEEE.
Knowledge-based adaptation of XR user interfaces for stock market data visualization. Adaptation of Extended Reality (XR) interfaces to fit user needs and preferences presents a significant challenge. The available XR application development tools often require advanced programming skills, forming a barrier for non-specialists in XR technology and 3D modeling. The main contribution of this paper is a knowledge-based method for the adaptation of XR user interfaces, with a focus on the usage of semantic representation of the users' profiles to tailor individual experiences within an XR environment to the users' requirements. The primary aim is to optimize user satisfaction and performance by enabling the adaptation of XR content by non-IT specialists using common or domain knowledge. As a case study for utilizing user profile-based adaptation, the paper presents an adaptive XR stock exchange data visualization system. © 2023 IEEE.
Knowledge-based approach to adaptive XR interface design for non-programmers. Customizing extended reality (XR) interfaces presents a significant challenge, especially for users with limited programming expertise. This paper introduces the method for adaptation of XR interfaces (MAXI-XR), a novel approach to simplify the customization process of XR user interfaces through knowledge technologies. MAXI-XR offers a user-friendly solution for interface design, supporting users with varying levels of technical skills. The basis of MAXI-XR is its Semantic Knowledge Base, which facilitates intelligent adaptations through advanced querying and reasoning, enabling the extraction of user-specific information for context-based XR interface adaptation. The functionality of MAXI-XR is demonstrated by its application in a VR stock market data visualization system. This system demonstrates MAXI-XR’s ability to adapt to complex and data-intensive environments according to user requirements, improving the interaction experience. Furthermore, the method’s scalability and ease of maintenance make it a versatile tool for a wide range of applications beyond stock market visualization, suggesting its potential for broader adoption in various XR domains. © The Author(s) 2024.
LLM agent driven online auction mechanism for agricultural products. Purpose – The study aims to address persistent inefficiencies in agricultural product trading—namely, information asymmetry, market opacity, and trading inefficiency—that hinder supply chain profitability and disrupt market stability. It explores how intelligent systems, empowered by large language models (LLMs), can enhance transaction transparency, optimize decision-making, and improve market performance. Design/methodology/approach – This research integrates large-scale language models (LLMs) into an online auction framework through dynamically adaptive intelligent agent systems. These agents simulate real-world market behaviors and leverage machine learning algorithms to enhance auction decision-making. An empirical evaluation is conducted using three experimental groups, with performance assessed across multiple quantitative metrics. Statistical significance is tested using Tukey’s HSD post-hoc analysis. Findings – The results reveal that the LLM-based agent system significantly outperforms the other two benchmark approaches on all performance indicators. The system demonstrates superior capability in mitigating the effects of information asymmetry, improving pricing accuracy, and facilitating more efficient and transparent transactions. Research limitations/implications – Geographic and temporal data limitations may impact generalizability; further research is needed. Practical implications – The proposed model offers actionable insights for designing next-generation online trading platforms in the agricultural sector. By embedding LLMs into intelligent agent systems, market participants—including farmers and buyers—can benefit from enhanced information flow, reduced transaction costs, and more balanced supply-demand interactions. Social implications – Promotes fair transactions, reducing market information asymmetry for sustainable agricultural development. Originality/value – This study is among the first to incorporate LLMs into auction-based agricultural trading systems, demonstrating the transformative potential of AI in reshaping market mechanisms. The research bridges artificial intelligence with smart agriculture, contributing a novel framework that advances both theoretical understanding and practical innovation in digital agriculture and e-marketplace design. © 2025 Emerald Publishing Limited
LabChain: A Modular Laboratory Platform for Experimental Study of Prosumer Behavior in Decentralized Energy Systems †. The transition toward decentralized energy systems has amplified interest in peer-to-peer electricity trading. However, research on prosumer behavior in such markets remains fragmented, hindered by a lack of benchmarkable experimental infrastructure. Addressing this gap, the LabChain system was developed—a modular, interactive prototype designed to study human behavior in synthetic P2P electricity markets under controlled laboratory conditions. This system integrates real-world technologies, such as blockchain-based transaction backends, flexibility market interfaces, and asset control tools, allowing fine-grained observation of strategic and perceptual dimensions of prosumer activity. The research followed an iterative design approach to develop the infrastructure for experimental energy economics research, and to assess its effectiveness in aligning participant experience with design intentions. Based on the meta-requirements generality, affordance-centric design, and technological grounding, 13 detailed peer-to-peer market, software, and system requirements that allow for system evaluation were developed. As a proof of concept, seven participants simulated prosumer behavior over a week through interaction with the system. Their interaction with the system was analyzed through simulation data and focus group interviews, using a modified thematic content analysis with a hybrid inductive–deductive coding approach. The main achievements are (i) the design and implementation of the LabChain system as a modular infrastructure for P2P electricity market experiments, (ii) the development of an associated experimental workflow and research design, and (iii) its demonstration through an illustrative, proof-of-concept evaluation based on thematic content analysis of a single focus group session focusing on interaction and perceptions. The behavioral results from an initial session are limited, exploratory, and demonstrative in nature and should be interpreted as illustrative only. They nevertheless revealed tension between system flexibility and cognitive usability: while the system supports diverse strategies and market roles, limitations in interface clarity and information feedback constrain strategic engagement. © 2026 by the authors.
LearnBox: Used Educational Resources for Sustainability in an E-Commerce Platform. Affiliate marketing strategies are also included in the definition of an e-commerce business. You can use e-commerce platforms such as social media, your website, or a well-known retailer such as Amazon to increase online sales. LearnBox, an app platform for students and academic institutions, is introduced in the research. It started as a website and then developed into a mobile app. LearnBox promotes sustainability by improving user experience and integrating a barter system for educational content. LearnBox expands its services to neighborhood stores in the National Capital Region, intending to contribute to the changing ecommerce landscape by addressing particular challenges and providing a long-term solution for exchanging educational materials. The study’s modified waterfall effect diagram has the benefit of enabling researchers to concentrate on every platform development sequence and go back and verify earlier iterations as needed. This adaptability allows for comprehensive validation as the project progresses through later development phases. The post-study system usability questionnaire (PSUQQ) is used in the study to gauge how user-friendly the researcher’s website is. To sum up, the data collected by the researchers indicates that the participants had positive experiences. Overall, the LearnBox e-commerce platform proved to be successful. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2025.
Leveraging Explainable AI to Support Cryptocurrency Investors. In the last decade, cryptocurrency trading has attracted the attention of private and professional traders and investors. To forecast the financial markets, algorithmic trading systems based on Artificial Intelligence (AI) models are becoming more and more established. However, they suffer from the lack of transparency, thus hindering domain experts from directly monitoring the fundamentals behind market movements. This is particularly critical for cryptocurrency investors, because the study of the main factors influencing cryptocurrency prices, including the characteristics of the blockchain infrastructure, is crucial for driving experts’ decisions. This paper proposes a new visual analytics tool to support domain experts in the explanation of AI-based cryptocurrency trading systems. To describe the rationale behind AI models, it exploits an established method, namely SHapley Additive exPlanations, which allows experts to identify the most discriminating features and provides them with an interactive and easy-to-use graphical interface. The simulations carried out on 21 cryptocurrencies over a 8-year period demonstrate the usability of the proposed tool. © 2022 by the authors.
Leveraging Machine Learning and Streamlit for Real-Time Stock Analysis and Prediction. This paper introduces StockNavigator, an interactive web application developed using Streamlit, designed to offer a comprehensive solution for stock performance analysis, real-time stock price monitoring, and stock price prediction. Users can compare the performance of multiple stocks over a specified period, visualize data through various chart types, and gain insights into stock trends and relative returns. The proposed model’s user-friendly interface allows investors to make informed data-driven decisions, regardless of whether them being seasoned traders or beginners. This article demonstrates the effectiveness of using modern machine learning models like Prophet in the domain of financial forecasting and highlights the flexibility of Python-based frameworks for developing interactive, data-centric web applications. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
Limit order books: a systematic review of literature. Purpose: This study aims to provide a systematic literature review of the research study in the area of limit order book (LOB) mechanism of trading and its implications for market efficiency. The study attempts to document the recent theoretical developments and empirical findings from the literature exhaustively and identifies the research gaps for future research. Design/methodology/approach: The study uses seven reputable databases to select 2,514 research studies spanning over 1981-2018 (finally compressed to a pool of 103 articles, based on relevance and impact). The study uses bibliometric network visualization and text analytics to categorize and examine the literature. The chosen articles are compiled and analyzed to provide a comprehensive account of the current research on LOBs. Findings: The recent LOB literature is summarized on various criteria as follows: sub-areas, the types of economies and markets, methodologies and the LOB measures. The review identifies a dearth of studies on the LOBs in emerging markets. It suggests the potential research areas as intraday studies in emerging LOB markets; application of market indicators based on deeper levels of LOB, beyond the best prices; market fragmentation, order routing decision and its impact on order execution quality; optimal display of LOB levels; liquidity dynamics in quote-driven markets vis-à-vis LOB markets; effect of high-frequency trading on market microstructure; application of advanced techniques (e.g. machine learning models, zero-intelligent models); relationship between the trading speed, order aggressiveness, shape and resilience of the order book and informed trading; and information content of the auxiliary order submission strategies, including cancellation, amendments and hidden orders. Originality/value: For the past 15 years, to the best of the knowledge, a comprehensive review of the literature on LOBs has not been published. The financial markets have transformed significantly over this period, driven by the adoption of LOBs, low latency trading and technological advancements in information dissemination. This article provides an extensive collection and classification of the literature on LOBs. This would be useful for the practitioners, future researchers and academics in the area of financial markets. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Live temptations: exploring the trigger pathway to immediate buying behaviour in livestream commerce. Livestream commerce has transformed the online shopping environment by integrating real-time live interaction into digital purchases. Prior studies have explored various factors influencing impulse buying in livestream commerce. However, the gaps remain; while these studies highlight the factors driving impulse buying, they overlook the role of planned buying in the immediate buying behaviour. Therefore, this study bridges the gap by extending the Stimulus-Organism-Response (SOR) framework to encompass planned and impulse buying within the concept of immediate buying behaviour. This study employed a sequential two-phase research design. This study used Covariance-Based Structural Equation Modeling (CB-SEM) to analyse main data from 545 valid respondents of live shoppers in Indonesia. This study has identified new stimulus variables within the stimulus stage (direct connection, active credibility, and insightful content). The results showed that these stimuli significantly impact cognitive factors (immersion, social proof, perceived value) and affective factors (fear of missing out, anticipated positive emotions), which in turn drive immediate buying behaviour. Findings also revealed that cognitive and affective factors serve as partial mediators in the serial mediation analyses. This study provides theoretical insights and practical contributions for digital marketers in livestream contexts. © 2026 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
MATCC: A Novel Approach for Robust Stock Price Prediction Incorporating Market Trends and Cross-time Correlations. Stock price prediction has been a challenging problem due to non-stationary dynamics and complex market dependencies. Existing work has two limitations: 1. Previous studies have underestimated the importance of market trends, relying solely on stock data to learn patterns and capture market regularities implicitly. However, due to random stock fluctuations and trading noise caused by market sentiment, it is difficult to learn underlying market trends, resulting in poor model performance. 2. Prior research has predominantly concentrated on time-aligned feature correlations, with limited exploration of cross-time stock correlations. To address these issues, we propose a novel framework, MATCC (Market Trend and Cross-time Correlation model). It explicitly extracts market trends as guiding information, decomposes stock data into trend and fluctuation components, and employs a carefully designed structure for mining cross-time correlation. Extensive experiments demonstrate that MATCC significantly outperforms previous works in both ranking and portfolio-based metrics. Additionally, we illustrate the influence of trends and correlations on stock prediction through visualization. We publish our code at https://github.com/caozhiy/MATCC. © 2024 ACM.
ML-based Meta-Model Usability Evaluation of Mobile Medical Apps. Mobile medical applications (MMAPPs) are one of the recent trends in mobile trading applications (Apps). MMAPPs permit users to resolve health issues easily and effectively in their place. However, the primary issue is effective usability for users in maps. Barely any examination breaks down usability issues subject to the user's age, orientation, trading accessories, or experience. The motivation behind this study is to decide the level of usability issues, concerning traits and experience of versatile clinical clients. The review utilizes a quantitative technique and performs client try and hypothetical insight through the survey by 677 members with six distinct assignments on the application's point of interaction. The posttry review is finished with concerning members. The Response surface method (RSM) is used for perceptional and experimental designs. In each case, participants are divided into 13 runs or groups. Experimental groups are involved after checking the perceptions about theoretical usability for different attributes according to the usability model through the questionnaire. The difference is recorded between the perception of users about usability (theoretical usability) and actual performance for usability. The study analyzed through Analysis of variance (ANOVA) that there is a need to improve mobile medical applications but it is also recommended to minimize the gap between the perception level of laymen and the actual performance of IT literate users in context with usability. The experimentation measures the tasks usability of various mobile medical applications concerning their effectiveness, efficiency, completeness, learnability, memorability, easiness, complexity, number of errors and satisfaction. Every design model also produces a mathematical expression to calculate usability with its attributes. The results of this study will help to improve the usability of MMAPPs for users in their convenient context. © (2024), (Science and Information Organization). All Rights Reserved.
MMSE: A multi-model stacking ensemble learning algorithm for purchase prediction. Analyzing users' consumption habits and preferences with big data technology, merchants can collect valuable data about users' consumption habits which is significant for them to make decisions, with the purpose of improving profitability and optimizing user experience. In this paper, we propose a Multi-Model Stacking Ensemble (MMSE) algorithm to deal with the problem of personalized commodities recommendation. The main components of our algorithm are the data analysis and the model construction. As for the data analysis, we apply data processing technologies to construct the data features. Specifically, we put forward a novel feature model which involves 6 clusters of features, and design a sampling algorithm to balance the ratio of positive and negative samples by the k-means clustering and undersampling. As for the model construction, we establish a two-layer model. In the first layer, we train four different ensemble algorithms as the basic classifiers, and in the second layer, we take XGBoost algorithm as the combiner classifier. Finally, we evaluate the proposed model on the users-commodities behavior data of Alibaba's M-Commerce platform. It performs better than single ensemble learning algorithms, achieving the performance of F1-score 10.97%. © 2019 IEEE.
Machine Learning-Based Performance Analysis for IoT Attacks in IDS. Internet of Things(IoT) security is one of the main issues when executing and creating IoT platforms. The significant increment of the IoT devices in smart homes and other smart infrastructure make numerous attacks on these devices. With new and interesting attacks equipped for trading off the IoT platforms, intrusion detection and forensic systems really should be created. Security systems, for example, cryptography and validation are difficult to apply obliged IoT devices and organizations. With predominant innovations like the IoT, Cloud Computing, and Social Networking, a lot of organization traffic and information are created. Subsequently, there is a requirement for Intrusion Detection Systems that screen the organization and break down the incoming traffic powerfully. IDS assumes a significant function as a high-security answer for intrusion detection in IoT networks. Building an efficient network-based IDS, feature selection is an essential step as irrelevant and redundant features may adversely affect the classification performance of the system. The proposed system implements using Weka Tool based on BoT-IoT Benchmark dataset. The aims of the system to detect attack utilizing three different machine learning algorithms such as J48, Hoeffding Tree, and Naïve Bayes (NB). The solution for this problem may be provided by calculating precision, recall and, F1-score based on confusion matrix. © 2023 IEEE.
Making secret sharing based cloud storage usable. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to develop a usable configuration management for Archistar, which utilizes secret sharing for redundantly storing data over multiple independent storage clouds in a secure and privacy-friendly manner. Selecting the optimal secret sharing parameters, cloud storage servers and other settings for securely storing the secret data shares, while meeting all of end user’s requirements and other restrictions, is a complex task. In particular, complex trade-offs between different protection goals and legal privacy requirements need to be made. Design/methodology/approach: A human-centered design approach with structured interviews and cognitive walkthroughs of user interface mockups with system administrators and other technically skilled users was used. Findings: Even technically skilled users have difficulties to adequately select secret sharing parameters and other configuration settings for adequately securing the data to be outsourced. Practical implications: Through these automatic settings, not only system administrators but also non-technical users will be able to easily derive suitable configurations. Originality/value: The authors present novel human computer interaction (HCI) guidelines for a usable configuration management, which propose to automatically set configuration parameters and to solve trade-offs based on the type of data to be stored in the cloud. Through these automatic settings, not only system administrators but also non-technical users will be able to easily derive suitable configurations. © 2019, Erik Framner, Simone Fischer-Hübner, Thomas Lorünser, Ala Sarah Alaqra and John Sören Pettersson.
Market failure, tradable discharge permit, and pollution reduction: Evidence from industrial firms in China. Several features of an imperfect market, such as transaction costs and market power, and strategic behaviors of firms may adversely affect the performance and efficiency of tradable discharge permit systems. However, empirical studies regarding this subject are few. To address this research gap, this study investigated the impact of market failure and strategic behaviors of firms on pollution reduction using China's sulfur dioxide (SO<inf>2</inf>) emissions trading policy as a quasi-natural experiment. Based on the micro-data matching the Chinese Industrial Firm and the Chinese Industrial Firm Pollution Emission databases, the difference-in-difference-in-differences method was employed to determine if the implementation of the policy can promote emission reduction and identify its specific influencing mechanism. The benchmark regression results indicated that the tradable discharge permit policy significantly reduced SO<inf>2</inf> emissions in regions with high degrees of marketization. Furthermore, the mechanism analysis showed that firms would take strategic behaviors to deal with the emission reduction requirements of environmental policies under an imperfect market environment. Moreover, the heterogeneity analysis revealed that the discharge permit policy exhibited a distinct emission reduction effect due to market failure and strategic behaviors of firms. This study suggests that the Chinese government should establish systematic permit trading laws and regulations, actively build a permit trading platform, formulate a clear trading mechanism, and strengthen information disclosure. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Mastering the Art of Equity Trading through Simulation: The TraderEx Course. An interactive guide to successfully trading in today's markets Mastering the Art of Equity Trading Through Simulation is a guidebook to interactive computer trading simulation designed to provide participants with hands-on experience in making tactical decisions and implementing them in different market environments-from continuous order drive markets to call auction markets, and from dealer markets to dark liquidity pools. By showing traders how to operate in these different markets, this reliable resource quickly reveals a good deal about what trading involves and how market design impacts trading decisions. Provides a virtual platform that gives users hands-on experience in making tactical trading decisions Shows exactly how prices are established in the marketplace Teaches how the structure of a marketplace influences participant decisions Learning to trade through study is like learning about a roller coaster ride verbally. You may get the idea of going up and down and around curves, but will lack the actual experience. Mastering the Art of Equity Trading Through Simulation will get you as close as possible to the markets-without actually going in them-and prepare you to profit once you're really there. © 2010 by Robert A. Schwartz, Gregory M. Sipress, and Bruce W. Weber. All rights reserved.
Method of domain specific code generation based on knowledge graph for quantitative trading. Quantitative methods have been adopted by more and more individual investors for investment activities. Many third party platforms have been developed to help users complete the process of backtesting, which fills the gap between the trading strategy code and the trading strategy model. However, using a quantitative platform for backtesting has a high threshold for users who do not have programming experience. There is still a huge gap between the description and the code of trading strategy. Code generation allows developers to focus more on business related design and implementation, thereby increasing the efficiency of software development. The import of domain knowledge can improve the accuracy of requirement parsing to improve the quality of constructed code model. The general knowledge base is often incomplete in terms of domain specific terms and relationships, and the construction of domain knowledge graphs requires more domain related data. In this paper, encyclopedia data and the financial report data are used to extract domain terms and relations. And then a domain knowledge graph for quantitative trading is constructed to realize the automatic generation of quantitative trading strategy code. © IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2018.
Methodological Basis and Experience of Using Data Mining Methods in Trade. The article explores data mining methods that allow us to get helpful information from the data. The possibility of using these methods in practice in the financial sector was considered. Since financial activity is closely related to our social life, the use of data mining methods plays an essential role in the analysis and forecasting of the financial market in the modern era of big data. However, due to differences in the experience of researchers in different disciplines, it is not easy to use data mining methods when analyzing financial data. Therefore, creating a methodological basis for the practical application of data mining methods in the analysis of financial data is an urgent issue. The purpose of this article is to create a methodological basis for using data mining methods for efficient trading. When processing product data, a priori methods and visualization methods were used, and their implementation in practice was described. As a result, scenarios of computer applications were created as a sample of the practical implementation of the algorithms of these methods. Building a quantitative trading strategy requires first statistical analysis of the information in the market and then testing the quantitative model on the collected data. This study developed a quantitative trading system based on data mining methods. The primary development tool used is the Jupyter web platform, and three cores have been developed: quantitative data selection, strategy testing on data, time series analysis, and visualization. The developed system supports modules for making simple trading decisions. © 2023, Institute of Economics Committee of Science MSHE RK. All rights reserved.
Microgrid Methodologies and Emergent Applications. Microgrid Methodologies and Applications provides step-by-guide guidance on the implementation of microgrids projects that is informed by current scientific principles, emergent technologies such as modern power electronic interfaces, energy storage systems, multi-vector energy systems, and a close study of recent case studies. Addressing the full end-to-end microgrid project lifecycle, the work encompasses planning, design, operation, control, trading and evaluation, with a significant focus on novel business model, regulation and policy considerations. The book explains to readers how they can operationalize robust microgrids which account for engineering reality, uncertainties, and operating constraints. It delivers precise and rigorous real case studies for project managers, designers and policy and decision-makers. The methodologies section provides step-by-step guidance on implementing projects for postgraduate students, researchers and practitioners, while the applications section provides an array of demonstrative ‘case studies which exemplify the use of optimal methods and leading-edge technologies. © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
Modeling Automation With Cognitive Work Analysis to Support Human-Automation Coordination. Cognitive work analysis is useful to develop displays for complex situations, but it has not been well explored in providing support for human-automation coordination. To fill this gap, we propose a degree of automation (DOA) layering approach, demonstrated by modeling an automated financial trading domain, with a goal of supporting interface design in this domain. The abstraction hierarchy and the decision ladder each adopted an additional layer, mapping functions allocated to the trader and to the automation. In addition to the mapping, we marked the four stages of automation on the decision ladder to provide guidance on representing the function allocation at the task level. Next, we compared the DOA layering approach to how automation was represented in the cognitive work analysis literature. We found that a DOA-layered decision ladder, which included well-developed knowledge of the stages and levels of automation, can be suited to modern automated systems with different DOAs. This study suggests that the DOA layering approach has important implications for designing automation displays and deciding stages and levels of automation and may be a useful approach for modeling adaptive automation. © 2017, © 2017, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Modeling and Data Analytics Workflow From Delineation to Development: A Case Study Utilizing Limited Data in the Extensional Deep Dry Utica Shale Play of Pennsylvania. The Deep Dry Utica, also known as the Extensional Utica, is a newly recognized shale play in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. The most developed part of the dry gas Utica shale, in Monroe County, OH, is an inexact analogue as it shares limited characteristics with the Deep Dry Utica to its east. Unconventional workflows based on analogue plays often rely on the statistical significance of trends, impossible to exploit when each data point in a new play is unique, and results are unrepeatable. With only the data from a handful wells in the public domain, and a few wells being drilled by operators where the data is still private, understanding the reservoir and geologic complexity of the Deep Dry Utica has eluded most operators. The play has seen early successes and failures, with wells exceeding initial production rates (IP) of 60 MMcf/day and wells so difficult to drill that they were unable to be completed due to financial limitations. Thus, structurally complex shale plays like the Deep Dry Utica with limited data require a new methodology to rapidly move from delineation to development mode. With a limited heterogeneous data set, subsurface modeling and data analytics in conjunction with analogue analysis allow operators to rapidly understand performance indicators, optimize location selection, well spacing, horizontal drilling and completion designs. This paper describes the modeling and analytics-based workflow utilized to unlock commercial viability of the Deep Dry Utica, making the play commercially competitive with Marcellus Shale development. The workflow described in this paper utilizes earth modeling, reservoir and completion modeling and contemporary data analytics techniques to accelerate development. The workflow is demonstrated in a case study from the Deep Dry Utica in Pennsylvania, moving from delineation to commercial development, with less than a dozen data points across 500,000 thousand acres. © 2018, Society of Petroleum Engineers.
Modeling the High-Frequency FX Market: An Agent-Based Approach. The development of computational intelligence-based strategies for electronic markets has been the focus of intense research. To be able to design efficient and effective automated trading strategies, one first needs to understand the workings of the market, the strategies that traders use, and their interactions as well as the patterns emerging as a result of these interactions. In this article, we develop an agent-based model of the foreign exchange (FX) market, which is the market for the buying and selling of currencies. Our agent-based model of the FX market comprises heterogeneous trading agents that employ a strategy that identifies and responds to periodic patterns in the price time series. We use the agent-based model of the FX market to undertake a systematic exploration of its constituent elements and their impact on the stylized facts (statistical patterns) of transactions data. This enables us to identify a set of sufficient conditions that result in the emergence of the stylized facts similarly to the real market data, and formulate a model that closely approximates the stylized facts. We use a unique high-frequency data set of historical transactions data that enables us to run multiple simulation runs and validate our approach and draw comparisons and conclusions for each market setting. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Monetary Policy, Investor Sentiment, and Multiscale Jump Behavior of the Chinese Stock Market. We examine the time-varying jump behavior of the Chinese stock market across various time scales. A novel hybrid model (VMD-ARJI-X) is proposed that integrates variational mode decomposition (VMD) with the autoregressive jump intensity model (ARJI), which also incorporates monetary policy and investor sentiment as explicit variables. Results indicate that the interactions between monetary policy and investor sentiment significantly amplify jump risk at the short- and medium-term scales, while the effect is less pronounced over long-term horizons. The predictive capability of the VMD-ARJI-X, which embeds interest rate and investor sentiment into the jump intensity component, outperforms other benchmark models. Our findings provide policymakers with actionable insights for identifying extreme risks triggered by both policy and sentiment and obtaining forward-looking warnings. The multiscale jump signals offer a practical tool to design dynamic risk management strategies for investors. © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Motivative computing: An interdisciplinary analysis and design framework. Competition for funded research continues to tighten around the globe with awards granted to higher impact projects. While sharing of ideas generally occurs in pockets, it becomes crucially necessary to advance collaborative engagement among researchers. At a growing research university, interdisciplinary methods were applied to gain deep understanding of the scholar's world and to develop an engaging platform for collaboration. User-centered design, systems analysis and design, object-oriented analysis and design, and psychology theory facilitated a multidimensional view of the problem domain. A critical finding revealed that faculty did not know about the skills, knowledge, and interests of others across campus. Curiosity, honor, and idealism were found to intrinsically motivate researchers that provided an empirical basis for creative design. Analysis findings, along with aesthetic and game elements, informed a solution designed to energize and direct self-determined participation-elements missing in classic systems development processes. Scholar Trading Cards™- the locus of purposeful and serendipitous interaction-mobilized researcher acumen in digital and non-digital spaces. Digital card data published on the university Intranet allowed for searching and sharing of information useful to collaborators, administrators, and staff. Paper-based cards facilitated face-to-face interactions. The platform is showing promise in bridging interpersonal gaps to improve the flow of scholar information across campus. We introduce a contemporary systems framework and information platform that is demonstrating a positive effect on campus-wide collaboration. © 2016.
Multi-Classes Feature Engineering with Sliding Window for Purchase Prediction in Mobile Commerce. Mobile devices become more and more prevalent in recent years, especially in young groups. The rapid progress of mobile devices promotes the development of M-Commerce business. The purchase on mobile terminals accounts for a considerable percentage in the total trading volume of E-Commerce and begins to draw the attention of E-Commerce corporation. Alibaba held a Mobile Recommendation Algorithm Competition aiming to recommend appropriate items for mobile users at the right time and place. The dataset provided by Alibaba consists of about 6 billion operation logs made by 5 million Taobao users towards over 150 million items spanning a period of one month. Compared with traditional scenarios in purchase predicting, the competition raised three challenges: (1)The dataset is too large to be processed in personal computers, (2)Some days with great discounts provided by Taobao Marketplace are within the period of dataset, (3)Positive samples are too few compared to the dimension of features. In this paper we study the problem of predicting the purchase behaviour of M-Commerce users, by exploring the solution for Alibaba's Mobile Recommendation Algorithm Competition. We first deeply study the habit of customers and filter many outliers. After that we adopt the method of «sliding window» to supply positive samples of training dataset and smooth the burst of sales near Dec 12th. We design a feature engineering framework to extract 6 categories of features that aim to capture the buying potential of user-item pairs. Our features exploit the interaction of user-item pair, user's shopping habit and item' attraction for users. Then we apply Gradient Boost Decision Trees (GBDT) as the training model. In the end, we combine outputs of individual GBDT together by Logistic Regression to get the final predictions. Our solution achieves 8.66% F1 score, and ranks the third place in the final round. © 2015 IEEE.
Multi-Objective Low-carbon Optimization of UHVDC System Based on AP-NSGA-II Algorithm. Background: Ultra-High Voltage Direct Current (UHVDC) system has a wide range of applications in the energy field, and its transmission process will cause a large amount of carbon loss. To reduce carbon loss under the premise of ensuring safety, it is necessary to construct a carbon loss model of the UHVDC transmission system. Methods: In this study, we propose a multi-objective optimization model to achieve the goal of low-carbon emissions, which considers carbon transaction costs and equipment safety and proposes initialization improvement and congestion improvement. Results: Compared with the mainstream optimization algorithms, the results show that the improved model achieves at least a 29.97% effect in reducing carbon loss, reduces the carbon loss by 1222.79 t, meets the requirements of the low carbon loss, transaction cost and high safety, and realizes the triple goals of UHVDC transmission system. Conclusion: The model we proposed can effectively reduce carbon loss and carbon trading costs on the premise of ensuring safety. © 2025 Bentham Science Publishers
Multi-User Automobile Internationalization Platform Construction Based on Big Data. This paper proposes a strategy to build an international automobile platform based on big data, aiming to provide personalized and efficient automobile trading experience for multiple users. This study first constructed a comprehensive automobile transaction model, which introduced the concept of utility value and quantified users' multi-dimensional demands for vehicle performance, price, brand preference, etc., laying a data foundation for the platform to provide accurate recommendation services. Aiming at the multi-objective optimization problem in the model, this paper designs and applies the genetic algorithm, which can efficiently explore the solution space and find the optimal transaction configuration to meet the needs of multi-users. The algorithm design section introduces the implementation process of genetic algorithm in detail, including key steps such as coding, selection, crossover, and mutation, as well as the calculation method of utility value, which ensures the flexibility and efficiency of the platform when dealing with multi-user scenarios. Through model simulation, this paper compares and analyzes the performance of the platform in terms of user satisfaction, transaction efficiency and cost control before and after adopting genetic algorithm optimization. Simulation results show that when processing transaction requests from 1000 virtual users, the optimized platform can reduce transaction matching time by 30%, increase user satisfaction by 25% on average, and reduce transaction costs by 20%. These significant improvements validate the effectiveness of genetic algorithms in improving the performance of automotive internationalization platforms. © 2024 IEEE.
Multi-Vector Internet of Energy (IoE): A Key Enabler for the Integration of Conventional and Renewable Power Generation. Internet of energy (IoE) is the future of smart grids. It highly integrates conventional and distributed power energy resources to respond to the growing demand of energy. IoE uses a variety of advanced technologies for measuring and real-time monitoring of the amount of generated and consumed energy, and then performs processing operations on the collected data, to optimally manage energy demand within the network. It also increases the role and interactions of consumers inside the network and also energy usage efficiency by involving different forms of energy within the network. With a highly connected network of information and energy devices and equipment including energy generators, energy storages, energy consumers, energy routers, and data centers, it enables a dynamic and efficient energy management. This chapter starts with presenting conventional power grid challenges and smart grid limitations. Multi-vector Internet of energy (IoE) is introduced to address these issues and to facilitate high penetration of renewable energy resources. The IoE concept, structure, and key components are explained. There are lots of energy devices within the IoE system that produce massive data with high speed that should be collected, stored, managed, processed, and analyzed in real time. Hence, the IoE data features, architectural requirements, challenges, and platforms are discussed. The energy devices within the IoE system are produced by different manufacturers and come with different communication protocols; hence, software-defined networks (SDN) are introduced as a protocol-independent software solution to overcome the challenges of connecting them. Due to the high penetration of renewables in the IoE system, decentralization is one of the main features of the system. Therefore, blockchain as a decentralized technology is studied, and its opportunities and challenges for realizing the IoE system are discussed. Next, transactive IoE is introduced to optimize the use of distributed energy resources to meet the economical and operational goals of the energy producers and end users. Its infrastructure and trading platforms are investigated. Finally, integrated demand response is introduced to allow all users within the IoE system to participate in demand response programs and to increase multi-vector IoE system reliability. © 2022 John Wiley and Sons, Inc. All rights reserved.
Multi-agent based coalition formation of prosumers in microgrids using the ∗ goal modelling. In this paper, we discuss the role of microgrids as a 'prosumer'. Microgrids are used to provide locally generated power (energy), and this concept is becoming increasingly prominent with time. Microgrids have added economic value when assuming the role of 'prosumer' or 'group of prosumers'. A new outlook in managing prosumers connected to the energy sharing network has led to the creation of prosumer coalition groups, which can subsequently manage numerous goals in microgrid energy systems. For achieving prosumer energy goals, Goal-Oriented Requirements Engineering (GORE) is deployed in this work. Hence, the purpose of this research is to develop prosumer coalition-GORE artefacts, strategising GORE players, modelling non-functional requirements and ensuring sustainable requirements engineering management in the microgrid energy system. In this research, an i∗ goal model has been used to design a payoff function based on the game theory concept. The key to the pricing function is its fair distribution of payoffs depending on their surplus energy generation, thus providing optimum satisfaction to the buyer. With the objective of maximising the profits earned by prosumers through intra-microgrid energy trading, this paper also designs multi-objective functions to provide optimal value by using the i∗ goal model. By integrating Java with the IBM CPLEX optimisation tool, a simulation model based on the proposed method was developed and analysed. The results show that the proposed approach yields better outcomes when meeting the requirements of fairness and efficiency, reducing the intermittency effect of generation through renewable resources. © 2023 - IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Multi-level cache management of quantitative trading platform. With the rapid development of quantitative trading business in the field of investment, quantitative trading platform is becoming an important tool for numerous investing users to participate in quantitative trading. In using the platform, return time of backtesting historical data is a key factor that influences user experience. In the aspect of optimising data access time, cache management is a critical link. Research work on cache management has achieved many referential results. However, quantitative trading platform has its special demands. (1) Data access of users has overlapping characteristics for time-series data. (2) This platform uses a wide variety of caching devices with heterogeneous performance. To address the above problems, a cache management approach adapting quantitative trading platform is proposed. It not only merges the overlapping data in the cache to save space but also places data into multi-level caching devices driven by user experience. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach could improve user experience up to >50% compared with the benchmark algorithms. © 2021 Zou Lida et al., published by Sciendo.
MultiStrategy Algorithmic Trader. Algorithmic trading, also known as “algo trading”, is a trading paradigm that follows a set of algorithms to place trades which can generate profits at high frequency and volume, theoretically impossible for a human trader. These trading algorithms are derived from strategies which encompass mathematical models. The practice of “algo trading” is quickly gaining traction in the world of fin-tech due to its automated approach toward trading and provision of increased liquidity in the market. We believe retail intraday traders across India should have tools to automate their daily trades based on the strategies they employ, seamlessly and effectively. Intraday trading requires the constant presence of a trader throughout the hours of a trading day, incapacitating them from focusing on other responsibilities such as their day jobs. Furthermore, currently, the few present algorithmic trading software consist of expensive fees and/or a confusing UI/UX experience for novice traders. Furthermore, problems faced by intraday traders worldwide, due to usage of algorithmic trading software include complex and incomprehensible user interfaces, trading of illiquid securities, handling of special days, exorbitant trading and brokerage fees, and multiple risks including regulatory, financial, reputational, operational and technological risks. We propose a clean, lightweight and object oriented approach toward algorithmic trading, eliminating the need for commercial algorithmic trading software. This proposed novel system aims to allow high frequency, multi-threaded trading strategies based on technical indicators such as MACD, Moving Averages, Relative Strength Index, Candlestick patterns, to be run parallely, reducing latency in high volume trades. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
NFTs for accessing, monetizing, and teleporting digital twins and digital artifacts in the metaverse. Digital twins and digital artifacts have become integral components of metaverse platforms, providing users with a rich, immersive, and interactive digital experience through the deployment of diverse digital twins and digital artifacts such as 3D avatars, images, and objects. To date, a significant challenge persists in the lack of practical mechanisms to enable seamless teleportation and cross-metaverse interoperability for these digital twins and digital artifacts. There is also a lack of trusted monetization methods that facilitate trading and leasing of digital twins and digital artifacts. To address these important challenges, this paper proposes a blockchain and Non-Fungible Token (NFT)-based solution that facilitates the integration and teleportation of these digital twins and digital artifacts by providing trusted metadata, verifying ownership, and ensuring the authenticity of digital creations in the virtual world. Key to our solution is the introduction of a bridging mechanism that enables cross-metaverse interoperability, allowing for the portable transfer of NFTs across decentralized metaverse platforms. In addition, our solution focuses on empowering original digital creators by enabling the monetization of their creations through the ownership management capabilities offered by NFTs. To reliably and securely store the metadata and content of tokenized digital twins and digital artifacts, we integrate into our solution the Interplanetary File System (IPFS), a decentralized storage system. To demonstrate the feasibility of our solution, we have developed and deployed all necessary smart contracts that govern the main functionalities and interactions of the proposed system on the Ethereum Goerli Testnet. We present our proposed system architecture, accompanied by informative sequence diagrams, algorithms, and testing details. We discuss how our proposed solution attains the main objectives outlined in the paper. We evaluate our proposed solution in terms of cost and security. We have made the complete source code of our smart contracts publicly available on GitHub. © 2024 The Authors
Near Misses in Financial Trading: Skills for Capturing and Averting Error. Objective: The aims of this study were (a) to determine whether near-miss incidents in financial trading contain information on the operator skills and systems that detect and prevent near misses and the patterns and trends revealed by these data and (b) to explore if particular operator skills and systems are found as important for avoiding particular types of error on the trading floor. Background: In this study, we examine a cohort of near-miss incidents collected from a financial trading organization using the Financial Incident Analysis System and report on the nontechnical skills and systems that are used to detect and prevent error in this domain. Method: One thousand near-miss incidents are analyzed using distribution, mean, chi-square, and associative analysis to describe the data; reliability is provided. Results: Slips/lapses (52%) and human–computer interface problems (21%) often occur alone and are the main contributors to error causation, whereas the prevention of error is largely a result of teamwork (65%) and situation awareness (46%) skills. No matter the cause of error, situation awareness and teamwork skills are used most often to detect and prevent the error. Conclusion: Situation awareness and teamwork skills appear universally important as a “last line” of defense for capturing error, and data from incident-monitoring systems can be analyzed in a fashion more consistent with a “Safety-II” approach. Application: This research provides data for ameliorating risk within financial trading organizations, with implications for future risk management programs and regulation. © 2018, 2018, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Network-level FPGA acceleration of low latency market data feed arbitration. Financial exchanges provide market data feeds to update their members about changes in the market. Feed messages are often used in time-critical automated trading applications, and two identical feeds (A and B feeds) are provided in order to reduce message loss. A key challenge is to support A/B line arbitration efficiently to compensate for missing packets, while offering flexibility for various operational modes such as prioritising for low latency or for high data reliability. This paper presents a reconfigurable acceleration approach for A/B arbitration operating at the network level, capable of supporting any messaging protocol. Two modes of operation are provided simultaneously: one prioritising low latency, and one prioritising high reliability with three dynamically configurable windowing methods. We also present a model for message feed processing latencies that is useful for evaluating scalability in future applications. We outline a new low latency, high throughput architecture and demonstrate a cycle-accurate testing framework to measure the actual latency of packets within the FPGA. We implement and compare the performance of the NASDAQ TotalView-ITCH, OPRA and ARCA market data feed protocols using a Xilinx Virtex-6 FPGA. For high reliability messages we achieve latencies of 42ns for TotalView-ITCH and 36.75ns for OPRA and ARCA. 6ns and 5.25ns are obtained for low latency messages. The most resource intensive protocol, TotalView-ITCH, is also implemented in a Xilinx Virtex- 5 FPGA within a network interface card; it is used to validate our approach with real market data. We offer latencies 10 times lower than an FPGA-based commercial design and 4.1 times lower than the hardware-accelerated IBM PowerEN processor, with throughputs more than double the required 10Gbps line rate. © © 2015 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers
Neural network based extreme classification and similarity models for product matching. Matching a seller listed item to an appropriate product has become a fundamental and one of the most significant step for e-commerce platforms for product based experience. It has a huge impact on making the search effective, search engine optimization, providing product reviews and product price estimation etc. along with many other advantages for a better user experience. As significant and vital it has become, the challenge to tackle the complexity has become huge with the exponential growth of individual and business sellers trading millions of products everyday. We explored two approaches; classification based on shallow neural network and similarity based on deep siamese network. These models outperform the baseline by more than 5% in term of accuracy and are capable of extremely efficient training and inference. © 2017 Association for Computational Linguistics.
Neural networks and their application in forecasting problems. The report describes popular machine learning methods and applications of neural networks. It reveals methods of training neural networks and offers a method of forecasting based on neural networks for modelling financial time series. Neural networks have recently gained in popularity among scholars. In particular, neural networks are widely used in the field of visualization and image recognition. But the practical significance of neural networks does not end there, they also find usage in such areas as forecasting, classification, clustering and modelling. This success can mainly be attributed to the remarkable property of models based on neural networks – they can «see» non-linear connections in contrast to many models, which for the most part have linear connections only. Currently, the use of neural networks is developing in the following directions: Stock market and macroeconomic forecasting (Neuro XL, OptimuStock, StocksNeural); Speech recognition and man-machine dialogue (Siri, Alexa, Cortana, Alice); Imitation of intellectual activity (weak AI in Siri, Alexa, Cortana, Alice); Improving low-quality and noisy information (DeepImagePrior). The advantages of using neural networks include: versatility. simplicity. Neural networks are able to model dependencies also in cases when there is a large number of variables. © 2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.
Newly minted: Non-fungible tokens and the commodification of fandom. Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) exist today as a component of a broader, ever-evolving financial environment in which questions of value, ownership, and intention are characterized by their ambiguity. This article considers Dapper Labs “NBA Top Shot,” a blockchain-backed website inviting NBA fans to join in “a new era in fandom” wherein they may acquire NFTs of NBA highlights by opening “packs,” which are functionally similar to trading cards. NFTs reflect the pressures of market forces, as well as increased cultural and economic emphasis on marketization, financialization, commodification, and the ubiquity of gambling-like designs and interactions. Furthermore, this study explores tensions present in differing intentions for the NBA Top Shot platform and Discord server, the diffuse nature of user conversations (a nature that disregards topical boundaries), and audience attention toward marketization and investment interests. The commodification of the NBA fan experience illustrates a shared social pressure to more readily think of one’s life, interactions, and consumptive behaviors through the lens of the investor, fostering financial attitudes that normalize instability and encourage risk-taking beyond the scope of a platform where purchase-dependent interactions serve as a source of joy and social experience in a venue representing a perceived electronic gold rush. © The Author(s) 2022.
News-Driven Stock Forecasting with Enhanced Attention Mechanisms. Stock trend prediction remains a challenging task due to the complex interplay of multi-source information and inherent non-stationary characteristics of financial markets. To address the limitations of existing methods in handling noisy textual data and capturing multi-scale temporal patterns, this paper proposes a novel news-driven framework that synergizes structured news representation with adaptive time-frequency analysis. Specifically, we classify financial news into local and global news, and design a sparse attention module to capture both fine-grained local news correlations and macro-level global interactions. Then a cross-attention mechanism is introduced to dynamically modulate local news features under global contextual guidance. To handle non-stationary price sequences, a wavelet transform attention module is proposed to decompose stock technical indicators into high-frequency fluctuations and low-frequency trends, enabling the extraction of transient signals and long-term dependencies through a dual-path attention mechanism. The framework further employs cross-modal attention to fuse news and price features, and a temporal aggregation module to model temporal dependencies. Experimental results on our self-constructed A-share datasets demonstrate that our model outperforms state-of-the-art baselines, highlighting its effectiveness in resolving the ambiguity of traditional text representations and improving prediction performance in low signal-to-noise ratio price sequences. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
Non-technical skills for managing risk and performance in financial trading. Recent large-scale failures in financial institutions have been found to be caused, in-part, by human factors-related issues in financial trading. In other environments where risk management and performance are intertwined, a human factors approach is often adopted to understand how the ‘non-technical skills (NTS)’ (leadership (LD), decision-making (DM), situation awareness (SA), teamwork) of organisational actors influence outcomes. Yet, to date, there has been minimal application of human factors research in financial trading. This study (i) identifies ‘real-world’ (i.e. non-laboratory) research studies investigating the NTS important for performance in financial trading, (ii) examines and synthesises data on the NTS found to underpin good or poor performance and (iii) considers the quality and coverage of research investigating NTS in financial trading, and identifies potential areas for future research. Nineteen studies were identified through a systematic literature search and then content-analysed for associations between NTS and performance in financial trading. The review found a range of decision-making (e.g. heuristics and biases, intuitive DM, emotional regulation) and LD skills (e.g. setting standards, monitoring behaviour, encouraging speaking-up) to have been identified as important for managing risk and performance in financial trading environments. Furthermore, SA (e.g. information search and assessment strategies, vigilance, identifying ‘noise’ data) and teamwork (e.g. avoiding ‘role’ conflict, communication between traders) were found to be important, yet remain less explored within the literature, and should be the focus of future research. NTS appear essential for effective risk management within the financial sector, yet further field research is required to examine the context-relevant behaviours that underpin safe activity. This will facilitate the development of evidence-based systems for assessing and training NTS competencies. © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
Novel prediction system for stock market through Hybrid Cat Boost Correlation Algorithm (HCBC). Due to Rapid growth in Technology financial market offers and excellent platform for investors and traders to connect with Global devices through internet. Over the year people are engaged with stock trading in online. People can inverse and grow the wealth from online applications available in Smartphone. Online trading has changed depends upon the individual purchase and pattern of selling stock. Technology such as artificial intelligence enable the growth of applications to watch advance, please advance options covered with new opportunities enable the system to predict the market and helpful for the inverters to make a move. Market prediction is one of the demanding requirements of research. The proposed approach is developed using hybrid cat boost correlation algorithm. The novel approach contains word to vector-based data allocation for feature extraction. The extracted features are formulated into vectors of feature maps used for training vector as well as testing vector. Based on the accuracy of the created model the predictive analysis system is improved. Accuracy of 95% is achieved by the static data analysis. Further the system the same proved by considering different parameters of stack prediction model to prediction show the upcoming race and fall of stock price for the individual consumer. © 2022 IEEE.
On Spectrum Trading for 5G Cognitive Spectrum Sharing Networks with Hybrid Access: A Game-Theoretic Approach. Cognitive radio (CR) networks employing dynamic spectrum access have been proposed in the framework of enabling 5G wireless networks to enhance efficient use of spectrum resources. Communication requirements with regard to spectrum in 5G networks demand dynamic spectrum access giving rise to new types of spectrum markets and spectrum trading issues. Cognitive secondary users (SUs) may employ opportunistic spectrum access (OSA) to access vacant frequency bands (FBs) primarily allocated to primary users provided that they do not cause interference. Moreover, the SUs can employ exclusive spectrum access (ESA) in FBs leased at a certain price. In this work, different types of spectrum operators (SOs) are considered with regard to the type of spectrum access offered to SUs. A novel two-stage spectrum access and pricing game is proposed for two scenaria, namely: (1) a duopoly comprising an opportunistic SO and an exclusive SO and (2) a monopoly of a hybrid SO offering both ESA and OSA. In the first stage of the game, non coordinated SUs choose the access option that maximizes their utility. This symmetric N-SU spectrum access selection game has a unique mixed strategy equilibrium which depends: (1) on the prices set by the SOs in either the duopoly or the monopoly examined and (2) on the bandwidth available to the SUs under each scenario. In the second stage of the game, the bandwidth-pricing policy planned by the SOs is determined as the solution to an optimization problem maximizing the SOs revenues at the SUs equilibrium. Two algorithms are proposed to solve the optimization problems arising in each scenario examined. The numerical results obtained under the two spectrum market scenaria demonstrate how the proposed two-stage spectrum access and pricing scheme behaves for various network parameters. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
On-demand fashion: wardrobe management and trading community; Moda la cerere: gestionarea garderobei și comunitatea de tranzacționare. The concept of on-demand fashion has been around for some time. Still, its implementation remains challenging due to fast-paced consumer habits that prioritise quick acquisition over thoughtful decision-making. Intelligent wardrobe management and second-hand fashion exchange have emerged to maximise the use of existing clothing and promote more conscious and sustainable consumption behaviours. This study first provides an in-depth analysis of relevant research and the current state of the industry, summarising the technological pain points in existing wardrobe management systems and second-hand trading platforms, as well as the negative user experiences that impact user engagement. It then addresses typical issues faced by consumers in managing their wardrobes and collects 512 valid feedback responses. Finally, based on consumer feedback and a review of the current situation, this study proposes the construction of an on-demand fashion community that integrates both wardrobe management and second-hand trading. The platform consists of four main modules: My Wardrobe, Outfit, Community, and Profile, with a particular focus on the interactive scenarios of the innovative Outfit and Community modules. The platform proposed in this study is expected to promote more sustainable and conscious fashion consumption. © 2025, Institute National Cercetare-Dezvoltare Textiles Pielarie. All rights reserved.
Online Financial Trading among Young Adults: Integrating the Theory of Planned Behavior, Technology Acceptance Model, and Theory of Flow. This paper aims to examine the mechanism that explains young consumers’ intention to perform online financial trading by integrating technology acceptance model, flow model, and theory of planned behavior. This study used a cross-sectional, questionnaire-based design. Using convenience sampling technique 471 samples were collected from young adults in Malaysia. All participants were placed in an online financial trading simulation prior to the survey. The hypotheses were tested using partial least squares structural equation modeling. The results revealed that intention to adopt online financial trading is driven by theory of planned behavior components which in turn are explained by consumers’ intrinsic (flow factors) and extrinsic (technology acceptance model factors) motivations, in which the latter plays a more important role in this process. Making profit or loss during the trading simulation may influence respondents’ attitudes and intention to perform online financial trading. The cross-sectionality of the data does not allow for confident causal conclusions. Data were collected from young adults studying in a university in Malaysia which limits generalizability of the findings. In designing a financial platform, practitioners’ focus should be on efficiency, user-friendliness, and providing functions that improve usefulness of the platform. Another implication is to be aware of the importance of prior experience and education in improving consumers’ use of financial platforms. Thus, improving consumers’ knowledge and skills of online trading would increase their market participation. A contribution of this study is investigating the mechanism that drives consumers’ intention to use online trading. More specifically, the current study by integrating three theories of Flow, TAM, and TPB examined how emotional and cognitive factors can inform consumers’ behavior, specifically, intention to perform online trading in the future. © 2020 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Operating economics and pricing in power systems. Power grids are enormous and complex engineering systems. Electricity produced from generators is transferred through power networks to loads that consume it. Like many other assets, electricity trading can be organized via markets, driving the operation of power grids. While the general principles for market design can support the foundation of electricity markets, many particular aspects complement such basis for accounting for intricate engineering requirements and physical laws of electric power flows. Designing electricity markets is not that obvious, and a fact is the variety of electricity market designs across the globe. The general principles for designing markets for economical operation and pricing of electricity are introduced here. © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Opinion Mining and the Visualization of Stock Selection in Quantitative Trading. In the stock market, investors usually focus only on the quantifiable information such as stock price and volume. However, few attentions go to the social network. This study use visualized approach to mine voices of the netizens to find the stock tendency. A series of data mining, cleaning, and natural language processing combine with the algorithm of artificial intelligence/machine learning to do the prediction between stock price and the voices of the netizens. This study not only presented a novel approach but also won the most promising prize in Hua Nan Financial Holdings Fintech Competition. © 2019 IEEE.
Optimal Dump Load Allocations in High RBDG Penetrated Microgrid for Voltage and Frequency Regulation. The rising renewable penetrations has paved ways for the microgrids to operate independent of the conventional centrally located power plants. At low load hours, the microgrid operation is often disrupted due the excess power generations creating voltage (V) and frequency (f) regulation issues. The use of energy storage devices to absorb such excess generations would be infeasible due to their less usability, high cost and uneconomical trading. The offline planning of distributing dump loads (DLs) in the network can coordinate with the online control in maintaining V and f of the system. Thus, the present work provides an offline analysis to optimally allocate DLs in the power electronic (PE) interfaced DGs powered autonomous microgrid to minimize the V and f deviations at off-peak hours. The V and f deviations as per the droop characteristics of PE interfaced DGs have been taken into consideration in the load flow. The optimization problem is formulated and solved using heuristic techniques viz MWOA and NSGA-II. The weakly meshed standard test beds of IEEE 33 and 69 bus distribution systems have been used in the present work as autonomous microgrids. © 2021, King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals.
Optimization of quantitative financial data analysis system based on deep learning. In order to better assist investors in the evaluation and decision-making of financial data, this paper puts forward the need to build a reliable and effective financial data prediction model and, on the basis of financial data analysis, integrates deep learning algorithm to analyze financial data and completes the financial data analysis system based on deep learning. 'is paper introduces the implementation details of the key modules of the platform in detail. The user interaction module obtains and displays the retrieval results through data parsing, calling the background, and computing engine. The data cleaning module fills, optimizes, and normalizes the data through business experience; the calculation engine module uses the algorithm and extracts the database information to get the similar time series and matching financial model. Finally, the data acquisition module fills the database with historical data at the initialization stage and updates the database every day. The data analysis platform for quantitative trading designed and implemented in this paper has carried out demand analysis, design, implementation, and test. From the perspective of function test and performance test, two functions of similar stock search and financial matching model are selected and tested, and the results are in line with the expected results. © 2021 Meiyi Liang.
Paying for knowledge in online community: An exploratory study for Zhihu Live; 知识付费产品销量影响因素研究：以知乎Live 为例. With the rapid development of online knowledge sharing platforms which provide paid knowledge content, the Internet-based knowledge exchange market is growing rapidly. The development of web 2.0 makes it easier for people to share their experience and skills. On knowledge-trading platforms, these experience and skills can conveniently be traded as knowledge commodity and bring profit to knowledge providers, which forms the current era of "knowledge realization". However, it is difficult to evaluate the utility function of knowledge products as typical experience goods. In consumers’ decision-making process, consumers usually judge the quality of experience products by observing multiple cues in the transaction, such as product price, characteristic of online reviews (including review valence and volume), popularity cues (such as the number of likes) and reputation of product providers. Prior research on signaling theory suggested that cost and difficulty to obtain could influence signal properties. Although quality cues like reviews characteristic (review valence and volume) have been intensively studied in the literature, how these review characteristics and reputation of knowledge providers may interact with price under the circumstance of knowledge paid content is still scant. Drawn upon signaling theory, this work proposes and empirically tests a conceptual framework to reveal how price cues interact with other cues and influence sales volume of online knowledge products. We mainly seek to answer the following research questions: (1) What role does price play in consumers’ purchase process of online knowledge paid products? (2) How does review volume moderate the effect of price for online knowledge paid products? (3) How does provider reputation moderate the effect of price for online knowledge paid products? Zhihu, built in Jan 2011, is one of the largest online social-network-based Q&A community in China. It aims at building a knowledge repository of questions and answers. In May 2016, Zhihu launched a new knowledge sharing project named Zhihu Live. Everyone can easily create Lives using Powerpoint, voice, video or text message to share their unique opinions and skills. Others can pay to participant. Up to December 2017, Zhihu has attracted 120 million registers, generated 150 million questions, 55 million answers and 250 thousand topics. More than 5 million people paid to participate Live and the repurchase rate reached 42%. Nearly 3000 people served as speaker, and the average income for Live speaker exceeded 10000 yuan (RMB)/hour. A python crawler was designed to collect data from Zhihu Live, transaction data from 2016.05.17 to 2017.09.17 was collected, including Live product information, sales information and user information. After the data pre-processing, we retained 4581 Live records. We employed multiple linear regression in SPSS 22.0 to verify our research models. The results show a positive relationship between review valence, review volume, number of likes, reputation of product provider and the sales volume of knowledge paid products, whereas price has a negative effect on the sales volume. However, the negative effect of price can be moderated by review volume, that is, the negative effect of price on sales of knowledge paid product decrease when there are many reviews. Unlike review volume, provider reputations don’t have similar moderating effect. Several limitations need to be addressed when interpreting the findings of this research. First, we collected data from only one online knowledge sharing platform. Future studies should use various kinds of online knowledge products data to corroborate with our findings. Second, Within the parameters of this research, it was not possible to account for all exogenous variables. Historical sales may be an important factor for a specific consumer, while our cross-sectional data could not reflect the herding effect. Our future study will examine dynamic panel data because they may help understand complex consumer decision process. Besides, review information only can be generated after Live starts, which means influential factors for sales of knowledge paid products may be different before and after Live starts. This is also a promising direction for our further study. Finally, even though we investigated price interact with reviews, we did not examine the content of the reviews. A sentiment analysis of online reviews and its effect on purchase decisions for online knowledge products would be an interesting endeavor for future work in this domain © 2019, Journal of Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management.All Rights Reserved.
Payments as we know them are changing--ebarts the social ecurrency: Tomorrow’s cash. Ebarts is a mutual exchange digital currency, which enables people to buy and sell without money. It has been created with a strong social purpose to unlock idle skills and resources within communities, and to encourage the growth of a social economy. ebarts are used in a secure, mobile-based marketplace for trading goods and services, and generate value from exchange. In this paper, we discuss the user-centred design process we have employed to build an ebarts marketplace platform, focusing on people’s expectations for creating and using ebarts. Our design reflects our findings that people are geared by a want to reduce waste and generate value from possessions, skills and time that would otherwise be wasted. Correlating people’s responses from focus groups indicates that social entrepreneurship can be nurtured by such marketplaces, and that there is need for a space to be created in society for individuals to engage their entrepreneurial creativity for their own benefit as well as directly affecting their communities. Finally, based on our development of ebarts we present a framework with which to understand the varieties of outcomes an ebarts-based marketplace can achieve and how it can strategically exploit the changes such marketplaces may bring. © The Author(s) 2016.
Peer-to-peer and blockchain technologies in power systems. The peer-to-peer (P2P) exchange of electrical energy is emerging as a promising strategy in energy management, enabling prosumers to trade electricity as goods and services, thereby generating economic benefits. It is anticipated that this approach will reduce reserve requirements, investments, and operational costs, while enhancing reliability and reducing peak demand on electrical grids. However, the implementation of P2P faces challenges in modeling transactions across the physical and virtual layers of the network. In this context, the virtual layer plays a critical role in providing a secure connection for participants to establish commercial parameters. Specialized literature highlights six fundamental components for P2P trading: platforms, market schemes, settlement algorithms, backup policies, networks, and Information and Communication Technology infrastructure. On the other hand, the lack of transparency in centralized energy systems poses security issues and hampers prosumers’ involvement in energy trading. This is where blockchain technology can be revolutionary. When applied in distributed generation (DG), it provides features such as immutability, security, and transparency that are pivotal in addressing these concerns. DG, encompassing renewable energy sources and electric vehicles, necessitates decentralized energy management, with blockchain facilitating secure transaction records and P2P trading. Compared to centralized systems, blockchain enables scalability, privacy, and low latency, thereby enhancing the security and transparency of energy trading. This review emphasizes the applicability of blockchain in DG, identifies limitations, and suggests future research directions to advance this sector. In summary, the integration of P2P and blockchain presents an innovative approach to enhancing efficiency and security in energy management. © 2025 Elsevier Inc. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
Performance evaluation of waste water discharge in thermal power; 火电行业废水排放绩效评估. In recent years, the emission permit system is vigorously carried out in China. Thermal power industry, as a national pillar industry and a large water user, has not been paid much attention to water pollutants during the implementation of the system. The relevant statistical data of thermal power wastewater is unclear, and the discharge performance is vague, which makes it difficult to be included in the emission trading system. Since thermal power generation in China gradually entered the mature period in 2008, the water use for thermal power enterprises in various provinces and cities has formed the obvious regional features since the mature period. In order to better carry out discharge license system in accordance with the requirements of "control of pollutant discharge permit system implementation plan", based on the regional water resources situation, the typical provinces(Shandong and Guangdong) were choosed to emphatically analyze the present situation of coal waste water. According to the 2015 national provincial environmental statistics, the water pollution factor characteristics of the thermal power industry in selected region were sorted out. Firstly, the related water indicators of thermal power enterprises were defined. Thermal power plants need a large amount of cooling water to cool the unit. The difference in cooling methods determined the difference in cooling water amount of thermal power plants. The enterprise's cooling technology was determined according to the three indicators. Secondly, the two main types of discharge directionwere determined. Finally, the treatment efficiency of water pollution factors was compared. The characteristic water pollution factors were selected. The performance evaluation of thermal power industry wastewater was carried out, including wastewater emissions performance calculation and main water pollution discharge performance factor calculation. each region according to the performance calculation results of its own in the thermal power industry water use and emissions problems targeted policy, the implementation of the thermal power wastewater discharge permit system was dedicated to provide with basic support. The results show that the total emission control of thermal power enterprises should be based on the discharge performance of waste water The purpose of the wastewater discharge performance evaluation and regional characteristic research is to explore the association between power and waste water discharge, and hydrological conditions of the region, generation efficiency and cooling method. The level of wastewater treatment in water shortage areas below is lower than that in water resource area, which can lead to the aggravation of bad water.The corresponding wastewater treatment policies can be formulated to find a balance point between the emissions trading and investment balance on wastewater treatment equipment. The obstacles existing in emission trading at the present stage are summarized.The water pollutants in thermal power industry are not taken seriously, resulting in inaccurate emission statistics, which brings difficulties to formulate policy; The Internet real-time monitoring platform has not been established, so the water quality and quantity discharged by thermal power enterprises cannot be monitored in real time. The pollution source tracking method is adopted to urge the non-conforming enterprises to rectify and give priority to promoting the emission reduction of water pollutants through emission right trading. the wastewater discharge performance shows that the situation varies greatly among different regions. Considering that the drainage basin is the main source of wastewater discharge, it is based on the drainage basin division. Government agencies put forward total reduction requirements to enterprises with higher performance, and enterprises with lower performance were given preferential policies on emission trading. © 2020 Authors. All rights reserved.
Performance-Based Classification of Users in a Containerized Stock Trading Application Environment Under Load. Emerging digital technologies are transforming how consumers participate in financial markets, yet their benefits depend critically on the speed, reliability, and transparency of the underlying platforms. Online stock trading platforms must maintain high efficiency underload to ensure a good user experience. This paper presents performance analysis under various load conditions based on the containerized stock exchange system. A comprehensive data logging pipeline was implemented, capturing metrics such as API response times, database query times, and resource utilization. We analyze the collected data to identify performance patterns, using both statistical analysis and machine learning techniques. Preliminary analysis reveals correlations between application processing time and database load, as well as the impact of user behavior on system performance. Association rule mining is applied to uncover relationships among performance metrics, and multiple classification algorithms are evaluated for their ability to predict user activity class patterns from system metrics. The insights from this work can guide optimizations in similar distributed web applications to improve scalability and reliability under a heavy load. By framing performance not merely as a technical property but as a determinant of financial decision-making and well-being, the study contributes actionable insights for designers of consumer-facing fintech services seeking to meet sustainable development goals through trustworthy, resilient digital infrastructure. © 2025 by the authors.
Personal Data Broker: A Solution to Assure Data Privacy in EdTech. Educational technologies (Edtech) collect private and personal data from students. This is a growing trend in both new and already available Edtech. There are different stakeholders in the analysis of the collected students’ data. Teachers use educational analytics to enhance the learning environment, principals use academic analytics for decision making in the leadership of the educational institution and Edtech providers uses students’ data interactions to improve their services and tools. There are some issues in this new context. Edtech have been feeding their analytical algorithms from student’s data, both private and personal, even from minors. This draws a critical problem about data privacy fragility in Edtech. Moreover, this is a sensitive issue that generates fears and angst in the use of educational data analytics in Edtech, such as learning management systems (LMS). Current laws, regulations, policies, principles and good practices are not enough to prevent private data leakage, security breaches, misuses or trading. For instance, data privacy agreements in LMS are deterrent but not an ultimate solution due do not act in real time. There is a need for automated real-time law enforcement to avoid the fragility of data privacy. In this work, we take a step further in the automation of data privacy agreement in LMS. We expose which technology and architecture are suitable for data privacy agreement automation, a partial implementation of the design in Moodle and ongoing work. © 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Personalized Dynamic Operating Envelope-Based P2P Energy Trading: A novel Multiagent Safe Reinforcement Learning. While the growing proliferation of distributed energy resources (DERs) promotes the local energy market to form a user-friendly peer-to-peer (P2P) trading mode, it also renders a physical network system security violation risk. To safeguard the safety network operation, this paper proposes a personalized dynamic operating envelop (DOE) based P2P energy trading clearing model, solved by a novel multiagent safe reinforcement learning (MASRL) method. During the operation horizon, prosumers configure the expected injection power by flexibly scheduling internal resources. Based on the expected injection power, the distribution system operator (DSO) would incorporate the Shapley value into the DOE computation scheme to ensure network integrity and reflect each prosumer’s marginal contribution to P2P trading. A state-wise cost function is introduced to quantify the deviation between the expected injection power and the personalized DOE assignment, thereby indirectly indicating the degree of network violation or potential safety margin. To meet the basic requirements of security network operation, a multiagent absolute state-wise constraint policy optimization (MAASCPO) algorithm is proposed to minimize state-wise cost while enhancing the economic benefits of P2P trading. Simulation results for distribution networks are illustrated to validate the effectiveness of the proposed model in terms of scalability, security, and financial benefits. © 2010-2012 IEEE.
Perspectives on reviving waterlogged and saline soils through plantation forestry. Land degradation with water-logging and salinity is global problem especially in arid and semiarid regions. As an alternative for capital-intensive engineering approaches, plantation forestry has been advocated as an eco-friendly option to offset hydrological imbalances (bio–drainage) mainly for dryland salinity conditions. With robust monitoring world over, reforestation mainly with fast growing versatile Eucalyptus species have emerged as the most water profligate. These lower the water–table by extracting soil water throughout the year and even from deeper soil and phreatic zones. The annual evapo-transpiration of plantations vary from about 0.2 to 0.8 times OPE (Open Pan Evaporation) under dryland conditions and can equal or even exceed OPE under irrigated conditions. The factors like soil and climatic conditions, groundwater depth and its quality, growth rates of tree species; their stocking, patterns and the geometries and fraction of area under plantations define their effectiveness for water table draw-down and salinity control. Nevertheless, the emerging arguments against bio–management include long time–lag, high land requirements and decline in their efficiency with salinity build-up underneath plantations. To overcome these constraints, shifting plantations in between discharge and recharge areas, reforestation with salt-tolerant species, integrating these with cropping systems and even with engineering measures in saline discharge areas are the alternate options. The gainful employment of bio-drainage demands the diagnosis of typical areas to be reforested in catchments using GIS/remote sensing tools, the development of decision support systems (DSS) for appropriate designing of reforestation strategies and their amalgamation with existing farming systems. Benefits of plantations beyond on-and off-site salinity control should aim at enhanced farm incomes, restoring biodiversity and particularly carbon trading when global interests are now targeting climate mitigation. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
Portfolio-Based Ranking of Traders for Social Trading. Social trading is a social network service (SNS) trading platform where users can share their investment experience and knowledge. One of the notable features of social trading is that this platform allows users to imitate the transactions conducted by other traders simply by following them. However, finding and following expert traders is the key challenge of social trading. To this end, systems and methods have been developed to rank traders. One of the drawbacks of the conventional methods is that there is no financial theory to support them. In this paper, a novel ranking method to discover expert traders based on the portfolio theory, is proposed. The experimental results obtained with a real dataset demonstrate that this method is superior to conventional methods. In addition, the discovered expert traders can be enlisted to develop better portfolio constructions for any given risk level. © 2013 IEEE.
Poster: DDoSGrid: A Platform for the Post-mortem Analysis and Visualization of DDoS Attacks. Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attacks remain one of the top reasons for business disruption and financial losses. Although mitigation solutions are available on the market, there is still a need for approaches that help network operators understand attack characteristics and behaviors, resulting in better planning of companies' cybersecurity strategies. This paper introduces DDoSGrid, a platform for the analysis and visualization of DDoS attacks. DDoSGrid implements an extensible set of miners to extract, process, and analyze information from network traces (i.e., PCAP files) to provide insightful visualizations for a better understanding and in-depth analysis of DDoS attacks in different scenarios. A case study was performed using an HTTP flood attack scenario to evaluate the feasibility of the approach. DDoSGrid enables real-world DDoS scenarios' analysis, providing an intuitive interface integrated with extensible insightful visualizations and data miners. © 2021 IFIP.
Poster: Low latency, high throughput trade surveillance system using in-memory data grid. Trade surveillance is an important concern in recent trading engines to detect and prevent fraudulent trades at earliest. In traditional trading platforms, to achieve high throughput and low latency requirements focus of developers has always been on high-performance languages such as C, C++ and FPGA based systems. These systems have limitations of scalability and fault-tolerance. With the arrival of in-memory technology, these requirements can be met with Java-based frameworks like Ignite, Flink, Spark. In this paper, we propose a novel way of implementing trade surveillance architecture using Apache Ignite In-Memory Data Grid (IMDG). Paper discusses the engineering approach to tune system architecture on the single node in terms of achieving high throughput, low latency and then scaling out to multiple nodes. © 2018 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Powering The Future: A Case Study on the Implementation of Blockchain with Smart Grids for Energy Trading using Powerledger. Traditional smart grids have some features that render them unsuitable for future requirements. There is a need for more efficient power management on the grid, and this is where the concept of smart grids comes in. Smart grids facilitate the generation of energy at a small scale by individuals, which can subsequently be sold back to the grid. However, the process of generating and selling energy can add a lot of complexity. Transactions between consumers and generators need to be verified and recorded. Additionally, smart grids have a decentralized nature compared to the centralized nature of traditional power grids. This decentralized nature makes them a potentially promising application for blockchain technology. Blockchain could provide tools such as smart contracts that ensure the transactions between consumers and generators are verified and processed in a secure way. This paper explores the potential of blockchain in enhancing the energy trading activities in smart grids and presents a case study of Powerledger, a blockchain-based energy trading platform. We conducted a literature review, identified research gaps and limitations in existing blockchain-based energy trading platforms, and analyzed Powerledger to understand how it addresses these gaps and limitations. © Grenze Scientific Society, 2023.
Prediction and Visualization of Trends in Stock Prices. Prediction and visualization of trends in stock prices focuses on developing predictions and visualizations of trends in stock prices by leveraging AI and ML methods using Python The primary objective of the app is to use previous data to predict future stock prices. Networks with Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) and other cutting-edge ML algorithms are used in the app to make precise predictions that will help clients make effective choices. The app collects historical information about stock prices and processes it to train the predictive models. Key features include data visualization, trend analysis, and real time of predictions, stock price prediction involves data preprocessing such as setting up data, formulation of models, and evaluation. The implementation utilizes Python libraries such as data manipulation tools like pandas and NumPy. This stock price estimation software is a great example of how AI and ML can be used practically in financial markets, demonstrating how technology can enhance decision-making processes. The study also emphasizes how difficult it is to forecast time series and how well algorithms using deep learning can locate intricate patterns in financial data. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
Prediction of Stock Price Using Machine Learning. Generally, Prediction and analysis of the stock market are among the most challenging tasks. This is due to a number of factors, including market volatility and a wide range of other dependent and independent variables that affect the market value of a particular stock. Any stock market expert will find it very challenging to accurately predict the market's growth and collapse in light of these considerations. It is often described as one of the critical tasks to predict that. This can be a really advanced task and has uncertainties to stop this drawback in one of the foremost fascinating (or maybe most profitable) statistic knowledge mistreatment machine learning techniques. Hence, stock value prediction has become a vital analysis space. The aim is to predict machine learning primarily based on techniques for stock value prediction that ends up with the best accuracy. The analysis of the dataset by supervised machine learning technique (SMLT) to capture much information like variable identification, univariate analysis, bivariate, and multivariate analysis, missing worth treatments and analysis the info validation, knowledge cleaning/preparing, and knowledge visualization is done on the complete given dataset. To propose a machine learning-based methodology to accurately predict the stock index number worth by prediction ends up in the shape of stock increment or stable state best accuracy via examination of supervising classification machine learning algorithms to boot, to match and discuss the performance of varied machine learning algorithms from the given transport traffic department dataset with analysis. Dataset with analysis classification report, establish the confusion matrix and to categorizing knowledge from priority, and therefore the result shows that the effectiveness of the planned machine learning algorithmic program technique is often compared with the best accuracy with exactitude, Recall, and F1 Score. © 2022 IEEE.
Prediction with Time-Series Mixer for the S&P500 Index. As an essential US economic indicator, the S&P500 Index is used to assess the current state of market performance and gauge the economy's future course. However, stock market index prediction is challenging due to its nonlinearity and inherently volatile character. Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) and their variants are de facto standards for sequence modeling. Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and attention-based networks, such as dilated casual convolutions and Transformers, have also become popular in time series forecasting. In this paper, we report on the design of a Time-Series Mixer (TS-Mixer) architecture based on MLP-Mixer, an all-MLP architecture for time series forecasting. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first implementation of MLP-Mixer-based architecture for sequence modeling. Modern deep learning models are increasingly built to handle univariate time series data. They generally pay attention to analyzing temporal dependencies while ignoring the relationship among features. The proposed architecture is specifically created for multivariate time series forecasting to capture temporal feature interactions while simultaneously learning feature correlations. To accomplish this, the proposed Time-Feature Mixer contains two types of MLP layers: feature mixer and temporal mixer. The feature mixer is applied independently to each data point to capture the correlation among features. In contrast, the temporal mixer extracts temporal dependency (trend, seasonal, cyclical, or random characteristics) of each feature across the whole input sequence. Compared to prevalent neural networks in sequence modeling, TS-Mixer exhibits competitive performance regarding S&P500 Index prediction. © 2023 IEEE.
Price Determinants of Shared Accommodation Properties in Rio de Janeiro: How Airbnb Reflects City Transformations. Shared accommodation platforms, such as Airbnb, have changed the way investors appraise urban properties, especially in touristic destinations. In these cities, touristic neighborhoods drive daily facilities to be more attractive, adapting the urban environment to the dynamics of the tourism market. The moment derives from the following: Properties in touristic destinations are preferably designed for shared accommodation instead of housing rental or trading. The knowledge of what drives the shared accommodation demand makes urban planners manage the balance between housing availability (and affordability) and the increasing tourism demand. In developing countries, this phenomenon triggers rational real estate because there is no guideline to detect what property factors increase shared accommodation preference rather than rental or trading properties. Therefore, this study investigated how location and listing attributes affect Airbnb prices in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. We modeled 2,936 listings by using ordinary least squares and quantile regression approaches to assess the price-setting performance across less and more expensive properties. Our results show that properties near SugarLoaf Mountain have higher price settings, followed by other touristic landmarks such as the Corcovado, the Museum of Tomorrow, and the Copacabana Fortress. In contrast, the farther from the airport, the more expensive Airbnb prices are. The higher income per capita also increases Airbnb prices. Surprisingly, properties located in Brazilian slums (favelas) increase rental prices because Airbnb users seek diverse experiences, a phenomenon that derives from the slum tourism paradigm. In the listing attributes, more availability and more reviews decrease Airbnb prices. Because of regulatory differences in Brazil, the minimum stay rule was unimportant, and private accommodation had behaved a different set of rules in less and more expensive properties. The research contributions relate to urban regulation of rental housing in devalued areas; shared accommodation effects on city transformations; and mutual and unique patterns of Airbnb market performance in a Latin-American context. © 2023 American Society of Civil Engineers.
Privacy-Preserving Framework for Blockchain-Based Stock Exchange Platform. This paper presents a privacy persevering framework for a decentralized stock exchange platform, ensuring anonymity and unlinkability of the investors’ accounts and their respective trading activities. The proposed framework meets these privacy requirements by (i) anonymizing both the unique account identifier (NIN) and balance information through customized data generalization and distortion techniques and (ii) making trading transactions unlinkable to their original investors by ensuring that both the NIN and balance are k -anonymous; i.e., k accounts belonging to different investors have the same balance. Moreover, to ensure long-term unlinkability, the process of anonymization is repeated at regular time intervals (every trading session). In addition to anonymity and unlinkability characteristics, the proposed framework is augmented with traceability and non-repudiation features. The simulation experiments with several market sizes and types confirm the effectiveness of the proposed framework in achieving full k -anonymity. Furthermore, to assess the overhead of the proposed privacy algorithms on the trading execution time, we conduct several experiments considering different anonymity levels k . We compare the transaction execution time of our proposed platform against a traditional non-privacy-preserving blockchain-based stock exchange. The obtained results for the worst-case scenarios show an acceptable execution time overhead. © 2021 IEEE Access. All rights reserved.
ProStock: Professional Stock Market Navigation and Analysis Suite. This article presents ProStock: Professional Stock Market Navigation and Analysis Suite is a comprehensive platform designed for traders, investors, and financial analysts, offering advanced tools for real-time stock market analysis and portfolio management. The system leverages data from multiple financial markets, providing detailed insights through cutting-edge analytics, technical indicators, and AI-driven predictive models. With an intuitive interface, users can easily monitor stock performance, track market trends, and receive personalized alerts based on custom trading strategies, ensuring informed decision-making in fastpaced trading environments. ProStock integrates artificial intelligence and machine learning to enhance market predictions and stock valuations. The platform's algorithms analyze vast datasets, identifying patterns and anomalies to forecast stock price movements, volatility, and potential risks. Additionally, its NLP-based news sentiment analysis feature processes real-time news, social media feeds, and financial reports, helping users understand market sentiment and its potential impact on stock performance. Designed with usercentricity in mind, ProStock allows for customization, enabling users to create personalized dashboards and charts. Whether for day traders seeking minute-by-minute updates or longterm investors monitoring portfolio growth, ProStock offers flexible options for both novice and expert users. The platform also supports multi-device synchronization, making it accessible on desktop and mobile devices, ensuring seamless access to stock market data anywhere, anytime. © 2025 IEEE.
Procedures for Data Analysis in the Information System of Electronic Sales of Vehicles. Most purchases in pandemic conditions are made remotely using the Internet. Vehicles are very successfully sold at auctions and similar trading platforms. The main differences of online auctions and platforms that allow to sell vehicles are analyzed, their distinctive features in relation to traditional auctions and platforms are determined, the main requirements for building an online application for selling vehicles from the standpoint of buyers and sellers are considered. A conceptual model of a car sales information system is proposed, which saves time for the buyer due to the ability to place an order anytime and anywhere. A goal tree has been developed and analyzed. The software implementation of the specified information system, developed with the help of selected technologies, such as backend-Java and Spring Framework design language, frontend-JavaScript and Vue.js software design language, is analyzed. The technologies of data processing in the information system and precedents to make the necessary query to the database are demonstrated, which is aimed at choosing the right query depending on the selected operation. © 2021 IEEE.
Proceedings - 2022 IEEE 9th International Conference on Cyber Security and Cloud Computing and 2022 IEEE 8th International Conference on Edge Computing and Scalable Cloud, CSCloud-EdgeCom 2022. The proceedings contain 33 papers. The topics discussed include: quantum federated learning: remarks and challenges; recommendation system design for social media using reinforcement learning; a secure federated learning framework using blockchain and differential privacy; current status and prospects of blockchain security standardization; standardization of financial blockchain: technologies, challenges, and future; a fundamental analysis of standardization for blockchain and distributed ledger technologies in ISO; balance multi-head attention based on software and hardware co-design; low energy consumption and time deterministic energy-saving workflow task scheduling algorithm based on DVFS; graph-based malicious account groups detection in electronic trading of bulk commodities; a secure and decentralized auditing scheme for cloud ensuring data integrity and fairness in auditing; and advanced analysis of email sender spoofing attack and related security problems.
Proceedings - 2023 16th International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics, CISP-BMEI 2023. The proceedings contain 176 papers. The topics discussed include: design and analysis of an anonymous and fair trading scheme for electronic resources with blind adaptor signature; exploring gender differences based on functional magnetic resonance images by deep learning and gradient-weighted class activation mapping; android-based app for acquisition of human hand physiological parameters; GUI interface design for defect recognition and rating of X-ray weld images based on image preprocessing; supervised relation extraction based on labels contrastive learning; research progress on analysis methods and applications of electroencephalogram signals based on dynamic functional connectivity analysis; MTC-TransUNet: a multi-scale mixed convolution TransUNet for medical image segmentation; and an improved multiplicative fusion method for high-resolution SAR and optical image.
Proceedings of the 2020 12th International Conference on Information Management and Engineering, ICIME 2020. The proceedings contain 12 papers. The topics discussed include: third-party e-commerce trading platform prevents economic contract legal risk causes and monitoring; reference model for generic capabilities in maturity models; blockchain hash, the missing axis of the accounts to settle the triple entry bookkeeping system; electronic money laundering, the dark side of fintech. An overview of the most recent cases; reversible information hiding in ciphertext of any digital media; design of portable radio station according to requirements of fire and rescue service of Czech Republic; empirical study on the factors influencing the growth of small and medium-sized enterprises; sustainability report disclosure and corporate financial performance (evidence from Indonesia); and a novel deterministic chaos and discrete random processes.
Promoting Korean international trade in the East Sea Economic Rim in the context of the Belt and Road Initiative. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to analyze maritime logistics connectivity of ports and shipping networks in the East Sea Economic Rim (ESER) to promote international trade in the context of China’s Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), considering centrality, primary flow and clustering interaction. Design/methodology/approach: The paper applies a complex network model, using a big data system consisting of an automated identification system, electronic data interchange and distributive and complex data. Three perspectives, including connectivity in trading ports and regions, centralities in the realm of complex network and potential marketing and regional impacts, and sixteen criteria are considered for this analysis. A visual approach has been also applied to highlight port connectivity and ship flows for the reader’s convenience. Findings: The paper shows that port connectivity and maritime logistics are enablers to promote Korean international trade in Northeast China through the ESER, and 25 major ports are well connected to promote international trade in the region with visual data of ship flows by ship type and by flag. Research limitations/implications: Owing to the lack of port management information systems among the countries in the ESER except Korea and Japan, this paper could not capture cargo types and amounts on board. Port connectivity analysis shows links of the ports in the ESER to major ports in southeast Asia along the Twenty-first Century Maritime Silk Road (MSR). These results contribute to drawing policy implications to promote the ESER and provide suggestions for promoting Korean international trade by enhancing maritime logistics connectivity. Originality/value: Unlike the existing literature showing descriptive and policy-oriented research related to ESER, this paper applied a vigorous method with a big amount of data to analyze port connectivity and ship flows in the ESER, considering China’s BRI affecting the global supply chain system, maritime transportation, and logistics. In addition, the paper shows how the seaports in the ESER are connected along the MSR. © 2018, Korea Trade and Research Association.
Proposed Hybrid AI-Driven Framework for Stock Market Prediction. The Stock Market has developed as a revolutionary force, transforming global economies through democratizing wealth creation. With the use of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, investors can navigate complicated financial terrain. While improving predictive accuracy, the underlying complexities and varied market opinions can render decision-making effective. This study emphasizes trend analysis and prediction of future values, enabling users to make smart investment decisions with little effort. Using a Hybrid Machine Learning Model, the method brings together several top-performing algorithms to improve predictive power and trend observation. The most important components of the project are Market Data Retrieval, Time Series Forecasting, Sentiment Analysis and Data Visualization, all of which assist in creating thorough reports that aid strategic investment decisions. © 2025 IEEE.
Pyros: A state channel-based access control system for a public blockchain network. Blockchain is a technology that enables the implementation of a decentralized system by replacing the role of the centralized entity with the consensus of participants in the system to solve the problem of subordination to the centralized entity. Blockchain technology is being considered for application in numerous fields; however, the scalability limitation of a public blockchain has led many researchers to consider private blockchains, which reduce the security of the system while improving scalability. A state channel represents a leading approach among several scalability solutions, intended to address public blockchain scalability challenges while ensuring the security of the blockchain network. Participants in the channel perform the process of updating the state of the channel outside the blockchain. This process can proceed very quickly because it does not require the consensus of the blockchain network, but still, like on-chain, it can guarantee features such as irreversibility. In this paper, we propose the PyRos protocol, an access control system that supports the trading and sharing of data between individuals on a public blockchain based on the state channel. As far as we know, the research using the off-chain state channel for access control has not been proposed yet, so PyRos is a new approach in this field. In PyRos, user-defined access control policies are stored off-chain, and policy updates are always rapid regardless of the performance of the blockchain network. Moreover, PyRos provides means to prevent malicious participants from arbitrarily using the channel's previous state while resolving constraints due to scalability problems, along with privacy guarantees for the transaction content. To evaluate the efficiency and security of PyRos, we provide qualitative analysis of security requirements and analysis in terms of the performance of public blockchain platforms. © 2020 Siwan Noh et al. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Python for Finance: Data analysis, financial modeling, and portfolio management. DESCRIPTION Python's intuitive syntax and beginner-friendly nature makes it an ideal programming language for financial professionals. It acts as a bridge between the world of finance and data analysis. This book will introduce essential concepts in financial analysis methods and models, covering time-series analysis, graphical analysis, technical and fundamental analysis, asset pricing and portfolio theory, investment and trade strategies, risk assessment and prediction, and financial ML practices. The Python programming language and its ecosystem libraries, such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Statsmodels, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-learn, Prophet, and other data science tools will demonstrate these rooted financial concepts in practice examples. This book will help you understand the concepts of financial market dynamics, estimate the metrics of financial asset profitability, predict trends, evaluate strategies, optimize portfolios, and manage financial risks. You will also learn data analysis techniques using Python programming language to understand the basics of data preparation, visualization, and manipulation in the world of financial data. KEY FEATURES ● Comprehensive guide to Python for financial data analysis and modeling. ● Practical examples and real-world applications for immediate implementation. ● Covers advanced topics like regression, Machine Learning and time series forecasting. WHAT YOU WILL LEARN ● Learn financial data analysis using Python data science libraries and techniques. ● Learn Python visualization tools to justify investment and trading strategies. ● Learn asset pricing and portfolio management methods with Python. ● Learn advanced regression and time series models for financial forecasting. ● Learn risk assessment and volatility modeling methods with Python. WHO THIS BOOK IS FOR This book is designed for financial analysts and other professionals interested in the financial industry with a basic understanding of Python programming and statistical analysis. It is also suitable for students in finance and data science who wish to apply Python tools to financial data analysis and decision-making. TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. Getting Started with Python for Finance 2. Python Tools for Data Analysis: Primer to Pandas and NumPy 3. Financial Data Manipulation with Python 4. Exploratory Data Analysis for Finance 5. Investment and Trading Strategies 6. Asset Pricing and Portfolio Management 7. Time Series Analysis and Financial Data Forecasting 8. Risk Assessment and Volatility Modelling 9. Machine Learning and Deep Learning in Finance 10. Time Series Analysis and Forecasting with FB Prophet Library Appendix A: Python Code Examples for Finance Appendix B: Glossary Appendix C: Valuable Resources. © BPB Publications, India.
Python-Powered ETF Trading: Unleashing Algorithmic Trading Strategies. The financial market has undergone several changes in recent years with algorithmic trading. It allows traders to carry out instructions embedded in algorithmic strategies effectively and precisely. This research paper focuses on different methods and applications of algorithmic trading for exchange-traded funds for the Indian market. This paper explores the implementation and design of algorithmic trading strategies, with a focus on maximizing portfolio performance, minimizing slippage, and optimizing trade execution. In addition, several online trading platforms encourage traders to employ automated systems by offering them interfaces, technical assistance, and the ability to integrate third-party tools and software with their trading platforms. Algorithmic trading and its effectiveness and profitability are evaluated using historical ETF data for analysis and back-testing. This paper also highlights different aspects and features encountered for algorithmic trading in Indian markets and provides details about creating trading algorithms using Python for ETF. © 2024 IEEE.
QoE-aware Efficient Resource Allocation in Cloud Radio Access Network. To solve the problems of the uneven distribution of bandwidth and poor quality of the user experience in an optical and wireless network, a quality of experience (QoE)-aware bandwidth allocation strategy in cloud radio access network is proposed. A software-defined optical domain and wireless domain resource trading platform was established to interact with the optical domain and wireless domain resource allocation and divide into two stages by Stackelberg game. Furthermore, the priced-based strategy addresses fronthaul bandwidth allocation between the central office and the mobile network operators, and wireless bandwidth allocation between mobile network operators and smart mobile devices. Considering the length of the playback buffer, the index of rebuffering is introduced to guarantee the quality of the experience. Finally, according to the Nash equilibrium, a two-stage optimal strategy is achieved in the optical domain and wireless domain collaboration to ensure the quality of experience. The simulation results show that the proposed scheme rationally allocates the fronthaul and wireless bandwidth and effectively improves bandwidth utilization and the quality of experience. © 2021 IEEE.
Quantitative Trading Strategies Using Python: Technical Analysis, Statistical Testing, and Machine Learning. Build and implement trading strategies using Python. This book will introduce you to the fundamental concepts of quantitative trading and shows how to use Python and popular libraries to build trading models and strategies from scratch. It covers practical trading strategies coupled with step-by-step implementations that touch upon a wide range of topics, including data analysis and visualization, algorithmic trading, backtesting, risk management, optimization, and machine learning, all coupled with practical examples in Python. Part one of Quantitative Trading Strategies with Python covers the fundamentals of trading strategies, including an introduction to quantitative trading, the electronic market, risk and return, and forward and futures contracts. Part two introduces common trading strategies, including trend-following, momentum trading, and evaluation process via backtesting. Part three covers more advanced topics, including statistical arbitrage using hypothesistesting, optimizing trading parameters using Bayesian optimization, and generating trading signals using a machine learning approach. Whether you're an experienced trader looking to automate your trading strategies or a beginner interested in learning quantitative trading, this book will be a valuable resource. Written in a clear and concise style that makes complex topics easy to understand, and chock full of examples and exercises to help reinforce the key concepts, you’ll come away from it with a firm understanding of core trading strategies and how to use Python to implement them. What You Will Learn • Master the fundamental concepts of quantitative trading • Use Python and its popular libraries to build trading models and strategies from scratch • Perform data analysis and visualization, algorithmic trading, backtesting, risk management, optimization, and machine learning for trading strategies using Python • Utilize common trading strategies such as trend-following, momentum trading, and pairs trading • Evaluate different quantitative trading strategies by applying the relevant performance measures and statistics in a scientific manner during backtesting Who This Book Is For Aspiring quantitative traders and analysts, data scientists interested in finance, and researchers or students studying quantitative finance, financial engineering, or related fields. © 2023 by Peng Liu.
RCSAN residual enhanced channel spatial attention network for stock price forecasting. This study proposes a stock price prediction model based on the Residual-enhanced Channel-Spatial Attention Network (R-CSAN), which integrates channel-spatial adaptive attention mechanisms with residual connections to effectively capture the multidimensional complex patterns in financial time series. The R-CSAN adopts an encoder-decoder architecture, where the encoder extracts feature correlations from historical data through multiple layers of channel-spatial attention modules, and the decoder incorporates a masking mechanism to prevent future information leakage and introduces a cross-attention mechanism to model inter-market correlations. Experiments conducted on four cross-market stock datasets, including Amazon, Maotai, Ping An, and Vanke, demonstrate that R-CSAN significantly outperforms not only traditional baseline models such as ARIMA, LSTM, and CNN-LSTM, but also recent Transformer-based approaches like Informer, Autoformer, and iTransformer on metrics including RMSE, MAE, MAPE,, and return on investment. The model reduces RMSE by 17.3–49.3% compared to traditional methods and 6.2–11.6% compared to Transformer variants, with the highest reaching 93.17% and an increase in return on investment to 482.64%. Ablation experiments confirm the critical contributions of each component, with the temporal module removal causing an average increase of 38.6% in RMSE and channel-spatial attention removal resulting in a 21.3% increase. Moreover, the model provides an interpretative analysis of features and temporal dimensions through attention weight visualization, offering insights into both indicator importance and critical time periods for prediction. In practical applications, R-CSAN’s outputs can be integrated into quantitative trading strategies including breakout trading, moving average crossover signals, and portfolio allocation optimization, providing a new paradigm for robust prediction in highly volatile markets. © The Author(s) 2025.
Railway Virtual Power Plant and Its Carbon Emission Reduction Strategy; 铁路虚拟电厂及其碳减排策略. The relatively poor power quality, low capacity utilization and high electricity costs in the existing railway traction power supply systems (TPSSs) become the pain points for the railway and power system sectors. To tackle this issue, this paper proposes a railway virtual power plant (VPP) concept based on the flexible interconnection technology for different phases in a TPSS, which achieves economic benefits improvement on the premise of meeting the technical indicators for grid-connection. Besides, a carbon emission reduction regulation strategy is put forward and a capacity design model is constructed. Firstly, the primary architecture for the railway VPP is established. For the trading requirements of the carbon market, the railway VPP carbon emission reduction regulation strategy is proposed. Moreover, the railway VPP capacity design approach considering the optimal economic benefits is put forward. Finally, based on the field data and the typical operating conditions, simulation verifications are performed. The results show that, the daily power consumption of the electrified railway in the 3-phase power system is reduced by 10.72%, the regenerative braking recovery rate is 85.2%, the average power factor increases from 0.60 to 0.93, and the electricity bills are decreased by 54.54% during the project period, which verifies the important theoretical and engineering values of the proposed railway VPP. © 2026 Chin. Soc. for Elec. Eng.
Ramex-Forum: a tool for displaying and analysing complex sequential patterns of financial products. Financial data provides a valuable up-to-date knowledge of the world economy. However, it is presented in extremely large data volumes, in diverse formats, and is constantly being updated at a high speed. The Ramex-Forum algorithm is oriented to guide financial experts in finding new and relevant information. We present a sensitivity analysis and new visualizations using an improved version of the Ramex-Forum algorithm. The proposed algorithm is applied to two case studies – the petroleum production chain and the European financial institutions risk analysis. Different combinations of parameters and new ways to visualize data are used. Results highlight the importance of Ramex-Forum for analysing relevant relationships in price variations in financial markets. © 2016 Wiley Publishing Ltd
Rating, review and reputation: how to unlock the hidden value of luxury consumers from digital commerce?. Purpose: Product ratings and reviews are popular tools to support buying decisions of consumers. Many e-commerce platforms now offer product ratings and reviews as ratings and reviews are valuable for online retailers. However, luxury goods industry is somewhat slow to adapt to the digital terrain. The purpose of this paper is to answer “how luxury consumers see user-generated product ratings and reviews for their online shopping experience and what important factors or values are perceived by the luxury consumers when they shop online?” Design/methodology/approach: To understand how luxury consumers use product ratings and reviews before buying online, a survey with a situational set up of variations of rating, review and price options in association with a number of hypothetical luxury goods was conducted among 421 global luxury consumers out of over 6,000 people. The study was carried out from September to October 2018 for six weeks in the form of online and mobile survey. User population is high net-worth individuals or luxury consumers derived from the author’s various professional and social networks and communities. Their geographical coverage would be global, but concentrated around the major cities. Findings: The survey shows that ratings and reviews can be important source of information for luxury consumers. Online ratings and reviews are rated as helpful by 76.01% of the participants. People who chose the highly rated one (4.8/5) over the poorly rated (3.7/5) was 86.94%, while all else such as product category, star rating and price range are about the same. Feedback from the open question survey indicates that the perceived helpfulness of rating and review systems could vary. Comparing user reviews is time-consuming because of unstructured nature of contextual reviews and the relative nature of human perception on the rating scale. Research limitations/implications: There are two aspects of ratings and reviews playing an important role for luxury consumers’ buying decision. First, it is about helpfulness of collective rating score. Luxury consumers see a user-generated rating score and use the score when they make a choice even if the rating is not an absolute, but relative figure, not exactly like the star rating system in the hotel industry. Second, there is discrepancy between the status of the brand in association with its price position and perceived value as the industry does not cope with classifying their brands in any official star rating system. Practical implications: Consumers need compact and concise information about the products they need. When there are only a few potential products left in their short wish-list, full user reviews can be helpful to get more details and general opinions about the products on the short list before making a final decision. In that regard, a primary indicator that will guide through the decision-making process of the luxury consumers would be the trustworthiness of user rating of each product in an aggregated score along with a potential use of sub-ratings, which has to be visible from the product landing page. Originality/value: Even if there is a wide use and ubiquitous nature of product ratings and reviews in other consumer products, the author is curious about how luxury consumers use ratings and reviews for their buying decision because there are not that many researches done previously in spite of the importance of this issue. Luxury goods industry has hit €320bn in 2017 according to Bain and Co., and 25% of the trading volume will be replaced by the digital commerce by 2025. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Real-Time Stock Forecasting and User Verification Using Azure AI Services. The volatility of the stock market offers a big challenge to traders depending on timely and correct information for informed decision-making. Security risks, including fraudulent practices and theft of identity, threaten online trading platforms. The present paper presents an AI-based stock trading app that tackles these issues by using predictive analytics with robust security features. The system also employs Azure AutoML to work through historical stock data, identify market trends, and generate livestock predictions to enable traders to respond proactively to fluctuations. For security reasons, the app employs Azure Document Intelligence for live Know Your Customer (KYC) verification to ensure that only valid users have access. Additionally, the platform automates document processing using AI-powered text extraction, minimizing errors from manual input and increasing efficiency. Developed with Flutter for smooth cross-platform use and backed by Azure cloud infrastructure for scalability and dependability, this software solution offers an intelligent, secure, and user-friendly trading experience. Through the integration of AI-based forecasting with robust security measures, this work helps develop more efficient, reliable, and technologically sophisticated stock trading platforms. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026.
Real-Time Stock Price Prediction and Visualization Using LSTM and Matplotlib. In this paper, we present a big data-based stock price prediction method to analyze market trends better. Investors and market analysts need to predict correctly as the stock market is getting more complex, and volatile. To solve this problem, we use historical stock data that has been prepared and processed with Apache Spark in conjunction with real-time signals collected from the Alpha Vantage API. There are two main types of information available from stock data: financial and technical. In this proposed work, we have tried to create a predictive time series model using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural network. The model is then tested based on some key metrics i.e., Mean Squared Error (MSE) and Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE), to illustrate how well the model performs in predicting upcoming stock prices. Another key aspect the paper focuses on is how big data can be integrated with machine learning to analyze massive datasets such that runtime effectively decreases. In other words, this is a wholesale service for stock market trend analysis and institutional-level investment decisions. The results of this experiment suggest that the prediction accuracy of stock prices based on machine learning models, specifically LSTM can greatly improve market analysis. © 2025 IEEE.
Realization Mode of Medium- and Long-term Inter-provincial Continuous Transaction Mechanism; 跨省区中长期连续交易机制的实现模式研究. Based on the characteristics of the existing medium- and long-term power transactions in the inter-provincial regions of southern China, an inter-provincial continuous transaction mechanism is proposed, which illustrates the inter-provincial trading mechanism and the medium- and long-term and spot transaction timing requirements inside the province. The specific design ideas are put forward for the market supporting mechanism such as the coordination modes, the organization process, the price mechanism and the transaction organization forms. The proposed inter-provincial medium- and long-term trading mechanism will guide the power generation producer to participate in inter-provincial transactions through market-oriented means, implement the West to East power transmission strategy, and achieve the goal of promoting clean energy and hydropower consumption. © 2020, Power System Technology Press. All right reserved.
Reconfigurable acceleration of fitness evaluation in trading strategies. Over the past years, examining financial markets has become a crucial part of both the trading and regulatory processes. Recently, genetic programs have been used to identify patterns in financial markets which may lead to more advanced trading strategies. We investigate the use of Field Programmable Gate Arrays to accelerate the evaluation of the fitness function which is an important kernel in genetic programming. Our pipelined design makes use of the massive amounts of parallelism available on chip to evaluate the fitness of multiple genetic programs simultaneously. An evaluation of our designs on both synthetic and historical market data shows that our implementation evaluates fitness function up to 21.56 times faster than a multi-threaded C++11 implementation running on two six-core Intel Xeon E5-2640 processors using OpenMP. © 2015 IEEE.
Regional Power Trading and Energy Exchange Platforms. South Asia is the home of over 1.6 billion people. The countries in the region are aspiring to become fully developed nations by the middle of this century. Rapid industrialization and attainment of sustainable development goals (SDGs) are important requirement to achieve this goal. South Asian nations thus need secured energy and power generation, distribution and supply. Currently the entire South Asian region is energy deficient. Hence achieving energy security and adequate generation of power pose a major challenge. However, regional and sub-regional collaboration in energy and power can enhance energy security if indigenous energy resources are collectively utilized by the member countries. The recently established Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) aims to facilitate in-country and cross-border power and energy trading. Both power producers and buyers can bid live through the IEX platform. This paper reviews some features of IEX and Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) in order to understand the operating mechanism of such energy and power trading platforms. © 2017 The Authors.
Reksata: A Transformer-Based Conversational Recommender System for Personalized Digital Stock Recommendations. The digital finance sector is increasingly demanding intelligent solutions to help retail investors navigate the complex information of the stock market. One of the key challenges is delivering personalized investment recommendations that align with individual goals while maintaining a natural conversational experience. To address this, we propose Reksata, a Transformer based Conversational Recommender System (CRS) for personalized digital stock recommendations. Reksata leverages a f ine-tuned Large Language Model (LLM) based on GPT-3.5 turbo, optimized using domain-specific financial data over three training epochs, achieving a training loss of 0.362. Evaluation results show that the GPT-based model outperforms a fine-tuned RoBERTa baseline in semantic similarity tasks, achieving a precision of 0.9565, recall of 0.9396, F1-Score of 0.9479, and cosine similarity of 0.7920, compared to RoBERTa's F1 Score of 0.8893 and cosine similarity of 0.6683. The system supports multi-turn dialogues, interprets and adapts user preferences, and dynamically refines recommendations based on conversational feedback. These findings highlight the potential of Transformer based CRS to provide more responsive, context-aware, and userfocused stock investment guidance within digital finance platforms. © 2025 IEEE.
Representing stages and levels of automation on a decision ladder: The case of automated financial trading. We propose that representing stages and levels of automation on a decision ladder (DL) could help to identify information requirements for designing automation interfaces. We look at automated financial trading systems, a domain with variable degrees of automation (DOA). We give examples of modelling a financial trading task for two DOAs: basket trading (a low DOA) and trend following trading (a high DOA). On the resulting DLs, both human and automated information-processing activities are presented. The steps and states of knowledge allocated to automation are first categorized by the commonly known four stages of automation, and then shaded to represent the level of automation in each stage. This work advances the understanding of automated trading, and automation in general, and may provide a deeper representation of human-automation interactions and thus better understanding of design requirements. © 2016 by Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Research and Implementation of Intellectual Property Trading Platform Based on Blockchain; 基于区块链的知识产权交易平台研究与实现. It is known that there are common problems of information asymmetry, lack of trust and effective incentive for multiple parties in intellectual property(IP)transactions field. With the technical features of blockchain involving immutability, transparency, traceability and decentralized, a blockchain-based IP trading platform(BIPTP)is proposed and implemented. This paper realizes the precise matching of transactions through smart contracts, and supports multiparty customization of transfer contracts and revenue distribution contracts. By introducing the owners and regulators as the alliance members in the consortium blockchain system, requirements collection and ownership update can be accomplished asynchronously. Experiments show that this system can achieve 250 TPS of average throughput, 1.9 s of average latency for ten thousand transactions matching, and 78% of average trading success rate. Compared with the other intellectual property trading platforms, the proposed platform can help to sign trusted contracts among the intellectual property owner, inventor, transferee and the intermediary and ensure the performance to guarantee multi-party rights and interests. Thus, better data credibility and contract enforcement capability can be achieved to improve the IP trading success rate significantly, therefore an effective solution is provided to prosper the intellectual property trading market. © 2024 Chinese Journal of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine Co., Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Research on Big Data Analysis of E-commerce User Behavior Based on Spark. Under the background of digital economy, e-commerce platform, as the core driving force of e-commerce industry, has gradually evolved into a comprehensive application system integrating marketing, commodity trading, customer service and in-depth data analysis, greatly enriching consumers' shopping experience. However, in the face of the continuous expansion of user groups and transaction scale, the data processing and analysis methods used in the e-commerce platform have obvious limitations, and it is difficult to realize real-time and accurate processing of user behavior data. In this regard, based on the actual needs, this study will deeply explore the feasibility of applying big data analysis technology in e-commerce platform, and put forward a brand-new e-commerce user behavior data analysis model combined with Spark framework to reveal the deep-seated patterns and trends of user behavior and provide strong data support for e-commerce platform decision-making. Practice has proved that the real-time acquisition and processing of user behavior data are realized by using Spark Streaming component. XGboost prediction model based on Spark MLlib component has high accuracy and stability in predicting user behavior, which is beneficial to improving personalized recommendation effect and user satisfaction of e-commerce platform, and can meet the ever-changing e-commerce market and user needs. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Research on Data Integrity of E-commerce Platforms in the Internet of Things under Cross-border. Cross-border e-commerce is undergoing in-depth integration and innovation within and across industries, and traditional e-commerce trading platforms have been incapable to meet the requirement of e-commerce development. Moreover, the construction of an innovation ecosystem is being stepped up. By integrating existing resources and strengthening information sharing and exchanges between enterprises, a new idea of jointly building an innovation ecosystem is put forward to creat a collaborative and integrated development model. Therefore, an improved IVAEGAN-based fuzzy clustering algorithm for incomplete data (IVAEGAN-FCM) is proposed based on the Internet of Things, which can better extract the hidden features and data distribution in the data. Besides, the Nash equilibrium of the generator and the discriminator are applied to make the generated data more accurate, and VAE is used as the GAN generator to construct a new generative model. In addition, in order to obtain more effective information, the incomplete data set is reconstructed to select the nearest neighbor sample set for the missing data according to the nearest neighbor rule, and the median value of its attribute is used as the missing sample label. The label variables are added to the IVAEGAN model training to improve the accuracy of the valuation. © 2021 ACM.
Research on Profit Maximization of New Retail E-Commerce Based on Blockchain Technology. With the development of science and technology and the extension of online users, e-commerce platforms gradually and effectively gather social resources such as manpower, technology, production, and capital. More and more traditional enterprises combine online and offline business as their operation and trade methods. E-commerce, as a new channel, has become one of the main transaction modes in the society. Under the background of reform of the supply side, and with the high-speed development of E-commerce, we will promote stock adjustment through incremental reform and optimize the structure of investment and financing in the process of increasing investment of e-commerce enterprises. High-quality products and diverse trading experience are the new development pattern in e-commerce. There are different profit maximization strategies for e-commerce enterprises when they face different economic situations. Besides, cross-border business is an advised way to expand business when the enterprise is under bigger profit. Via all these methods, e-commerce enterprise can help to optimize the structure of industries, circulation, and consumption and promote resource integration and optimization, and people's living standards will be further improved. Finally, the e-commerce enterprise profit maximization will come true. © 2020 Xuan Hu.
Research on green and low-carbon pathways for coal power enterprises in Shaanxi Province; 陕西省煤电企业绿色低碳转型路径研究. The purpose of this study is to facilitate the green and low-carbon development of coal power enterprises in Shaanxi Province by exploring their pathways for green transformation. Utilizing the principles of green low-carbon theory, we define the green low-carbon connotation specific to coal power enterprises in Shaanxi Province. The literature analysis method and gray correlation degree are employed to identify the key factors influencing the green low-carbon transformation of coal power enterprises in Shaanxi Province. A system dynamics simulation model is developed, comprising five subsystems: management, energy, production, economics, and innovation. The primary variables for each subsystem, along with their corresponding equations, are established through a systematic analysis of the model's structure. Structural, historical, robustness, and sensitivity tests are conducted on the model. The test results indicate that the simulation model meets all requirements. Path design and scenario analysis for the green and low-carbon transformation of coal power enterprises are conducted. Based on various scenarios, adjustment programs for the variables and constants in each subsystem are established. The green low-carbon transition path for coal power enterprises is simulated using Vensim PLE. The simulation results indicate that the adjustment pathways for each subsystem positively impact the green low-carbon transformation of these enterprises. Achieving energy savings and emission reductions within the production subsystem is essential for facilitating a green low-carbon transformation. This analysis evaluates the impact of each pathway adjustment on the overall effectiveness of the transition. The integrated pathway provides the greatest benefits, highlighting that a comprehensive approach can effectively facilitate this transformation. This approach involves enhancing inputs for green management, reducing energy consumption in production, engaging in carbon market trading, and innovating to improve energy conversion efficiency. © 2025 Science China Press. All rights reserved.
Research on the Construction of Enterprise Financial Fraud Identification Model under Data Mining Technology. Under the influence of digital economy, the rapid development of capital markets at all levels has not only promoted technological innovation, product innovation and market structure changes, but also prompted new risks and challenges to show a trend of continuous increase, especially the frequent exposure of enterprise financial fraud incidents, which not only seriously damaged the interests of investors, but also undermined the fairness and transparency of the market. Faced with this situation, the traditional financial audit methods often rely on manual audit and sampling inspection, which has obvious limitations and can no longer meet the practical application requirements. In view of the current problems, this paper will discuss the application feasibility of data mining technology in this field, and put forward a set of hybrid enterprise financial fraud identification model construction scheme to make up for the shortcomings of traditional audit methods and improve the accuracy of identification results. Practice has proved that the whole model contains two parts: a primary learner and a secondary learner, in which the primary learning is composed of SVM model and the secondary learner is composed of Logistic regression model, in order to improve the accuracy and stability of the recognition results and provide strong technical support and guarantee for the healthy development of the capital market. © 2025 IEEE.
Research on the Interaction Design of Mobile APP for Second-hand Luxury Goods Transaction. With the gradual sinking of the luxury goods market in recent years and the stagnation of luxury goods production under the global epidemic, the second-hand luxury goods market has gradually emerged, and the online trading platform of second-hand luxury goods has also ushered in new development opportunities. In the luxury category of secondhand market commodities, different apps adopt different interactive logics, mainly including the vertical e-commerce platform and the luxury category under the integrated e-commerce platform. In order to analyze the different interaction modes of different interaction processes and the impact on user experience, this article analyzes and investigates two second-hand luxury goods trading platforms with different interaction logic from the perspective of user experience elements. The authors selects Xianyu APP and Hongbulin APP as the research object comparison items. Through questionnaire survey and data analysis, the article summarizes the user's cognition and behavior from the perspective of user experience elements, and explores the differences and reasons between different interaction modes. The conclusion of this article is that the vertical second-hand luxury goods e-commerce platform represented by the Hongbulin APP can give users a more efficient and comfortable interactive experience. © 2021 IEEE.
Research on the impact of price mechanism for giveaway on users′ willingness to recommend; 赠品价格机制对用户推荐意愿的影响研究. Social marketing is a means of marketing using social networks. This type of marketing closes the psychological distance between the company or platform and the consumer through conversation, interaction and feedback between users, and achieves marketing objectives through empathy. An important role is played by the word-of-mouth effect. In order to develop new users, companies or platforms often use referral reward schemes to motivate users′ willingness to recommend. Referral reward schemes are used to incentivise “seed users” to spread, recommend, share and so on, to achieve “fission” growth in the number of users and complete the absorption of new users. In recent years, referral reward schemes have been emerging in the e-commerce sector and have achieved significant results One of the common forms of reward in referral reward schemes is the giveaway, and price is an important attribute of the giveaway. In a referral reward scheme, expensive giveaways are often harder to obtain, and the more times users recommend, the higher value giveaways can be obtained, which brings about contradictions in the area of social exchange. According to the social exchange theory, when users invite others to get certain economic benefits, there will be corresponding psychological costs. The more friends a user invites, the more likely he or she is to feel grateful, guilty or “indebted”, a so-called relationship resource or intrinsic reward, and the higher the psychological cost in terms of interpersonal relationships. The price of the gift may have an impact on the user′s willingness to recommend, as the user has to weigh the financial benefits of the recommendation against the costs involved. If the giveaway is cheaper, the time and psychological cost for users to get the giveaway is relatively low, but if the value of the giveaway is also lower and it may be less attractive to users. If the giveaway is more expensive, it is usually more attractive to users, but the time and psychological cost of obtaining the giveaway is higher. Current studies have no consistent conclusions on how users will choose in the two situations. Therefore, based on the experiment of bonus points exchange activity, this paper will focus on the impact of the price mechanism on users′ willingness to recommend in a referral reward scheme Based on the social exchange theory, this paper uses a community-based idle trading platform as a research context to conduct a simulation experiment to investigate the impact of the price and different price mechanisms (i. e., the combination of high and low prices) on users′ willingness to recommend in a referral reward scheme. This study uses a simulated “Invite your friends, redeem your points” campaign on an e-commerce platform as a research scenario to collect data on the respondents′ willingness to recommend through questionnaires and to test the research hypotheses. In order to give respondents a more realistic experience of the points-for-purchase scenario, this paper designed and developed a real online shopping platform, and showed the real interface of the points exchange activity to the users in the questionnaire, so that they could see all kinds of giveaways on the interface and the corresponding points needed for exchange. The results of the study show that: 1) setting giveaways as rewards can enhance users′ willingness to recommend, so it is an effective incentive method; 2) compared with high-priced giveaways, low-priced giveaways can enhance users′ willingness to recommend. This may be because although low-priced giveaways bring less revenue, they are less uncertain in terms of acquisition and also provide more available expected revenue at a lower psychological cost; 3). the different price mechanisms of giveaways do not have a significant difference on users′ willingness to recommend, but there is an effect on users′ intrinsic willingness to want to obtain giveaways. Based on the above findings, this paper puts forward some constructive suggestions for enterprises: first, when designing a referral reward scheme, users can be incentivised to participate in referrals by using rewards in the form of giveaways, with as many low-priced freebies as possible, and more types of giveaways, or by using a reward distribution method that rewards both the invitee and the invitee to achieve a more effective referral reward scheme. This study has certain theoretical contributions and practical implications. In terms of of theoretical contribution, this paper focuses on the emerging social marketing activity of referral reward scheme. From the perspective of social exchange theory, the study innovatively explores the impact of the price of the giveaway on users′ willingness to recommend based on the balance between cost and benefit. Moreover, the current study on the factors affecting the the willingness to recommend in referral reward schemes is supplemented, and the theoretical system of the influencing factors is improved. In terms of practical implications, this paper puts forward valuable suggestions for enterprises or platforms to make more effective decisions when formulating online referral reward schemes. © (2025), (Zhejiang University). All rights reserved.
Research on the risk of the new OTC market in China. After years of development as the main force over the counter market, now the National Equities Exchange and Quotations, commonly known as the new over-the-counter market, has formed a fairly large scale. The number of enterprises grows rapidly and there have been more than 10000 enterprises in the new over-the-counter market today, bringing the trading boom. However, in the thriving new over-the-counter trading, it must be recognized that there are still a lot of risk factors, restricting the market developing healthy and orderly. This paper starts with the current situation of the new over-the-counter market of our country, focusing on the research of the liquidity risk and the valuation risk of the medium-sized and small enterprises share transfer system by means of statistical analysis and comparative analysis. And then analyzes the causes of risk in-depth and proposes some policy recommendations of the market risk prevention and control. Hope to help the market participants understand more about the risk of the new over-the-counter market, especially develop the risk awareness of the market participants, and finally take the risk prevention and control actively. At the same time, the China new over-the-counter market risk prevention and control model would be established and improved, and as a result, it can provide strong financial support for the development of emerging industries, small and medium enterprises and escort the construction of China capital market. © 2017 IEEE.
Revealing high-frequency trading provision of liquidity with visualization. Liquidity is crucial for successful financial markets. It ensures that all investors are able to buy and sell assets quickly at a fair price. High Frequency Traders (HFTs) utilize sophisticated algorithms operating with extreme speed and are frequently cited as liquidity providers. The objective of this paper is to investigate the liquidity provision of a number of HFTs to determine their effects on aggregate marketplace liquidity. We consider a large data set collected from the Australian Securities Exchange throughout 2013, providing a near complete picture of all trading activity. Our method is to consider temporal bar charts, association scatterplots, faceted plots and network diagrams to provide visualizations that yield both novel and conventional insights into how HFTs are operating in the market, specifically with respect to liquidity provision. Consistent with HFTs avoiding adverse selection, our results show that on aggregate, HFTs often consume rather than provide liquidity. Furthermore, liquidity consumption often occurs very quickly over intra-millisecond time periods. We conclude that HFTs are not exclusively focused on liquidity provision. © 2019 Association for Computing Machinery.
Risk Management in DeFi: Analyses of the Innovative Tools and Platforms for Tracking DeFi Transactions. Decentralized Finance (DeFi) is a recent advancement of the cryptocurrency ecosystem, giving plenty of opportunities for financial inclusion, innovation, and growth domains by providing services such as lending, borrowing, and trading without traditional intermediaries. However, inadequate regulatory oversight and technological vulnerabilities raise pressing concerns around market manipulation, fraud, and regulatory compliance, exposing a clear research gap in effective DeFi risk management. This paper addresses this gap by proposing a utility-based framework to evaluate six leading DeFi tracking platforms—Chainalysis, Elliptic, Nansen, Dune Analytics, DeBank, and Etherscan—focusing on two critical metrics: transaction accuracy and real-time responsiveness. Applying a mixed methods approach that combines a quantitative survey (n = 138) with qualitative interviews (n = 12), we identified critical platform features and found significant differences across these platforms with respect to compliance features, advanced analytics, and user experience. We used a utility-based model that links accuracy and responsiveness metrics, allowing us to adjust differing priorities and risk management needs for users. The results show the need for balanced, user-centric solutions that accommodate regulatory, technological efficiency and affordability requirements. Our study contributes to the growing knowledge base by providing a structured evaluation model and empirical insights, offering clear directions for practitioners, platform developers, and policymakers aiming to strengthen the DeFi ecosystem. © 2025 by the authors.
Risk of digital assets: Developments in regulation and implementation. The normative narrative about ‘crypto’ or ‘digital assets’ as potential substitutes for the traditional financial systems has the downside that such a new system could present new types of risk, thus requiring dedicated risk management. But is this narrative justified by reality? Actual implementations with a trend to centralisation, generic features of blockchain-based systems to be exploited by new types of intermediaries and recent events (including the collapse of the Terra ecosystem and the bankruptcy of FTX), triggered feedback from central banks and banking supervisors. Recently, the current development of regulations was toughened with a proposal that ‘trading in unbacked digital assets should be treated by regulators like gambling’. This paper avoids any normative discussion of how crypto or digital assets should look theoretically, but focuses on the actual developments. An analysis of the whole stack of layers of blockchain platforms, from influencer marketing to features such as ‘maximum extractable value’, can be condensed to the litmus test of ‘Cui bono?’ (‘to whom is it a benefit?’). This perspective reveals that blockchain-based systems are determined by the objectives and intentionality of the (new) intermediaries and are typically a mixture of gaming, gambling and scam. Consequently, the revised high-level recommendations of the Financial Stability Board for ‘global stablecoin’ arrangements, the European MiCA regulation and the amended capital requirements to the Basel framework are benchmarks for the treatment of crypto and digital assets. These are based on the economic objectives: from E-money-like instruments on the balance sheet of (new) intermediaries via traditional securities (equity or credit) to native digital assets, which resemble gambling according to ‘same business, same risk, same regulation’. © Henry Stewart Publications.
Risk-Based Stochastic Scheduling of Resilient Microgrids Considering Demand Response Programs. In this article, a risk-constrained stochastic framework is presented for joint energy and reserve scheduling of a resilient microgrid considering demand side management. The optimization problem is formulated to schedule the system operation in both normal and islanding modes by addressing the prevailing uncertainties of islanding duration as well as prediction errors of loads, renewable power generation, and electricity price. In a normal operation mode, where the grid-connection is available, the energy and reserve of local resources and energy trading with the main grid is scheduled to maximize the operator's profit considering feasible islanding. In a resilient operating mode, which is triggered by a disturbance in the main grid, the local resources should be scheduled to supply loads with the lowest emergency load shedding. To balance the economy and security requirements under uncertainties, the optimal scheduling is done properly through a security-constrained power flow method by considering system's objectives and constraints. Moreover, to properly handle the uncertainties of the problem, conditional value-at-risk metric is incorporated with the optimization model to control the risk of profit variability. The proposed scheme is implemented on a test microgrid and various case studies are presented to verify its effectiveness in normal and resiliency operating conditions. © 2007-2012 IEEE.
Robinhood's Forest: A Persuasive Idle Game to Improve Investing Behavior. Smartphone-based trading apps such as Robinhood and Webull have risen in popularity over the past few years. These apps allow investors with little prior investing experience easy and inexpensive (often commission-free) access to trading stocks, options, and other securities. However, non-expert investors using these apps often make poor investing decisions due to behavioral factors. In particular, such investors 1) trade more frequently leading to short-term speculation rather than reaping the long-term benefits of their investments, 2) make investing decisions based on emotion rather than economic or financial considerations, and 3) under-diversify their portfolio, leading to unnecessarily large risks. Together, these actions reduce their investor returns, and sometimes lead to devastating losses that were avoidable. This paper introduces Robinhood's Forest, an idle game that helps non-expert investors improve investing behavior. Unlike interactive digital games that emphasize interactivity, idle games are designed for interpassivity. Idle games are based on the premise that "waiting is playing"and players can derive pleasure by repeating simple actions or automating them. As such, Robinhood's Forest 1) provides recurring gratification from limiting investing actions and encouraging long-term investing, 2) abstracts representations of investments to reduce overreaction to market news and social pressure, and 3) encourages diversification by using strong visual metaphors. We conducted two small-scale lab studies that demonstrate that Robinhood's Forest reduced participants' desire for frequent trading and encouraged them to diversify their portfolios. At the same time, participants in our studies still desired functionality like performance visualizations and market news updates that allowed them to keep up with the market. Based on these findings, we also discuss design implications for other interactive systems that emphasize non-interaction. © 2022 Owner/Author.
Role of Behavioral Heterogeneity in Aggregate Financial Market Behavior: An Agent-Based Approach. In this paper, an agent-based model of stock market is proposed to study the effects of cognitive processes and behaviors of the traders (e.g. decision-making, interpretation of public information and learning) on the emergent phenomena of financial markets. In financial markets, psychology and sociology of the traders play a critical role in giving rise to unique and unexpected (emergent) macroscopic properties. This study suggests that local interactions, rational and irrational decision-making approaches and heterogeneity, which has been incorporated into different aspects of agent design, are among the key elements in modeling financial markets. When heterogeneity of the strategies used by the agents increases, volatility clustering and excess kurtosis arises in the model, which is in agreement with real market fluctuations. To evaluate the effectiveness and validity of the approach, a series of statistical analysis was conducted to test the artificial data with respect to a benchmark provided by the Bank of America (BAC) stock over a sufficiently long period of time. The results revealed that the model was able to reproduce and explain some of the most important stylized facts observed in actual financial time series and was consistent with empirical observations. © 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
SIGMO: A decision support System for Identification of genetically modified food or feed products. Since their introduction in 1994, more and more genetically modified (GM) crops are grown worldwide and introduced in food or feed products. In the European Union (EU), the production, trade and marketing of GM products is strictly regulated, but the situation is becoming more complex due to the increasing number and complexity of GM crops, and asynchronic approval procedures with the major GM crop producing countries. Importers and traders are obliged to assess their respective supply chains for the potential presence of authorised and unauthorised GM organisms (GMOs), where wrong decisions may lead to substantial economic losses. This article presents a decision support system SIGMO aimed at guiding producers and traders with the assessment of the likelihood that their products may comprise authorised or unauthorised GM materials. The assessment is based on traceability data about the product (nature and origin of the raw materials, transportation aspects), as well as analytical results of the presence of GMOs in the final product or its ingredients. The approach uses a combination of data-driven and model-driven decision support. SIGMO is composed of (1) a data base providing data about GMO crop species produced and approved in counties worldwide, (2) a multi-attribute model for the assessment of GMO presence in food/feed products, and (3) an on-line user interface. SIGMO helps producers and traders to better comply to valid EU GMO regulations and to better control their products and supply chains in terms of the unintended presence of (unauthorised) GMOs in a cost-effective way. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
SIMULATING WEB3 TOKENOMICS WITH AGENT-BASED MODELS. Tokenomics is the study of economic characteristics associated with cryptocurrency tokens and the underlying blockchain technologies. These are the building blocks of digital token markets with governance structures adopted by the community of participants. The aim of token markets is to democratize access to goods and services, with suppliers retaining ownership rights. This paper proposes a two-layer agent-based model with a governance layer populated by a platform agent and one or more partner agents. A market layer enables interactions between consumer and supplier agents through purchase transactions. The goal of this research is to showcase agent-based modeling as a design tool, capturing system-wide dynamics from the actions and interactions of autonomous agents. Simulation studies can investigate key market parameters before initial coin offerings and market trading begin. Some simple consumer and supplier behaviors allow for realistic simulations, including cross validation to assess the impacts of key market parameters. © 2025 Society for Modeling & Simulation International (SCS)
Safer scoring? Cryptomarkets, social supply and drug market violence. Background Cryptomarkets are digital platforms that use anonymising software (e.g. Tor) and cryptocurrencies (e.g. Bitcoin) to facilitate trade of goods and services, most notably illicit drugs. Cryptomarkets may reduce systemic violence compared with in-person drug trading because no face-to-face contact is required and disputes can be resolved through a neutral third party. In this paper, we describe the purchasing behaviour of cryptomarket users and then compare the self-reported experiences of threats, violence and other drug-market concerns when obtaining drugs from cryptomarkets with obtaining drugs through friends, known dealers and strangers. Methods The Global Drug Survey was completed in late 2014 by a self-selected sample who reported accessing drugs through cryptomarkets in the last 12 months (N = 3794). Results Their median age was 22 years and 82% were male. The drug types most commonly obtained through cryptomarkets were MDMA/Ecstasy (55%), cannabis (43%) and LSD (35%). Cryptomarket users reported using a median of 2 sources in addition to cryptomarkets to access drugs, the most common being in-person friendships (74%), in-person dealers (57%) and open markets/strangers (26%). When asked to nominate the main source they would use if cryptomarkets were unavailable, 49% nominated friends, 34% known dealers and 4% strangers. ‘Threats to personal safety’ (3%) and ‘experiencing physical violence’ (1%) were less often reported when using cryptomarkets compared with sourcing through friends (14%; 6%), known dealers (24%; 10%) or strangers (35%; 15%). Concerns about drug impurities and law enforcement were reported more often when using the alternative source, while loss of money, waiting too long and not receiving the product were more often reported when using cryptomarkets. Conclusion Cryptomarkets are associated with substantially less threats and violence than alternative market types used by cryptomarket customers, even though a large majority of these alternatives were closed networks where violence should be relatively less common. © 2016 Elsevier B.V.
Sailing the Green Wave: Revealing the Robo-Advisor’s Industry in the Age of Sustainable Finance. The financial sector is undergoing a transformation to prepare for a more digitalised and sustainable future. Financial institutions are seeing an increase in the use of robo-advisors (RA) as a cost-effective way to receive financial advice. RAs use objective algorithms throughout the portfolio selection process to reduce the impact of behavioural biases and increase transaction efficiency. The end products have more credibility as objective algorithms have been used in the portfolio selection process. These platforms allow users to diversify their portfolios and include not only Exchange Trading Funds (ETFs) but also sustainable products. Previous studies analysed functioning of RA services in conjunction with traditional financial advisors and the mechanisms through which to enhance human–robot interactions to improve user experience. Despite this interests in this field, the research is so far from maturity. By adopting a qualitative analysis of nine robo-advisor platforms, namely Vanguard, Betterment, Wealthfront, Axos Invest, E*Trade Core Portfolios, Ellevest, Merrill Guided Investing, Acorns, and Ally Invest Robo Portfolios, it was possible to explore how due to the increased demand for Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and Socially Responsible Investments (SRI) the new RA platforms have changed their business model. The results of this study highlight the different strategies of the platforms analysed and shed light on all their advantages and disadvantages. The research conducted provides in terms of theoretical and practical implications an understanding evolution that RAs can lead within the conventional green financial system. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2026.
Scalable 10Gbps TCP/IP stack architecture for reconfigurable hardware. TCP/IP is the predominant communication protocol in modern networks but also one of the most demanding. Consequently, TCP/IP offload is becoming increasingly popular with standard network interface cards. TCP/IP Offload Engines have also emerged for FPGAs, and are being offered by vendors such as Intilop, Fraunhofer HHI, PLDA and Dini Group. With the target application being high-frequency trading, these implementations focus on low latency and support a limited session count. However, many more applications beyond high-frequency trading can potentially be accelerated inside an FPGA once TCP with high session count is available inside the fabric. This way, a network-attached FPGA on ingress and egress to a CPU can accelerate functions such as encryption, compression, memcached and many others in addition to running the complete network stack. This paper introduces a novel architecture for a 10Gbps line-rate TCP/IP stack for FPGAs that can scale with the number of sessions and thereby addresses these new applications. We prototyped the design on a VC709 development board, demonstrating compatibility with existing network infrastructure, operating at full 10Gbps throughput full-duplex while supporting 10,000 sessions. Finally, the design has been described primarily using high-level synthesis, which accelerates development time and improves maintainability. © 2015 IEEE.
Search and resale frictions in a two-sided online platform: A case of multi-use assets. How large are two-sided transaction costs in online platform trades, and who are the major beneficiaries of friction cost reductions? Using a dataset of a multi-use train ticket resale market, we analyze the welfare structure with buyer-seller matching frictions on an online platform. Our model shows that competitive online resale market prices work as a conductor of transaction cost externalities, clarifying what types of buyers bear what friction costs. The estimation results show that individual-level welfare losses, which could be considered an online resale market dead-weight loss, are non-negligibly large and heterogeneous across buyers, ranging from 3% to 21% of the new good price. Welfare losses are particularly disadvantageous to users who demand small degrees of usage, as they are more likely to be excluded from trading opportunities. Our model also suggests that, when competitive resale markets experience friction cost reductions, welfare gains are larger among small degree users of resalable goods, providing an explanation for the recent expansion of high-turnover online trades. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Search-based synthesis of probabilistic models for quality-of-service software engineering. The formal verification of finite-state probabilistic models supports the engineering of software with strict quality-of-service (QoS) requirements. However, its use in software design is currently a tedious process of manual multiobjective optimisation. Software designers must build and verify probabilistic models for numerous alternative architectures and instantiations of the system parameters. When successful, they end up with feasible but often suboptimal models. The EvoChecker search-based software engineering approach and tool introduced in our paper employ multiobjective optimisation genetic algorithms to automate this process and considerably improve its outcome. We evaluate EvoChecker for six variants of two software systems from the domains of dynamic power management and foreign exchange trading. These systems are characterised by different types of design parameters and QoS requirements, and their design spaces comprise between 2E+14 and 7.22E+86 relevant alternative designs. Our results provide strong evidence that EvoChecker significantly outperforms the current practice and yields actionable insights for software designers. © 2015 IEEE.
Securities Quantitative Trading Strategy Based on Deep Learning of Industrial Internet of Things. By combing the shortcomings of the current quantitative securities trading, a new deep reinforcement learning modeling method is proposed to improve the abstraction of state, action and reward function; on the basis of the traditional DQN algorithm, a deep reinforcement learning algorithm model of RB_DRL is proposed. By improving the network structure and connection mode, and redefining the loss function of the network, the improved model performs well in many groups of comparative experiments. A securities quantitative trading system based on deep reinforcement learning is designed, which organically combines models, strategies and data, visually displays the information to users in the form of web pages to facilitate users' use and seeks the trading rules of the financial market to provide investors with a more stable trading strategy. The research results have important practical value and research significance in the field of financial investment. © 2024 IGI Global. All rights reserved.
Seismic data management for big data era. Seismic data is one of earliest data acquired in a prospect evaluation and the data are utilized throughout the exploration and production stages of a prospect. With recent advances in the handling of big data, it is essential to re-evaluate the best practices in the seismic data ecosystem. This paper presents the idea to leveragingthe technology advancement in big data and cloud computing for Seismic data ecosystem with the aim to providing an improve user experience. This new seismic platform would be capable of handling, managing and delivering the full spectrum of seismic data varieties starting from acquired field data to interpretation ready processed data. The system to have the following capabilities: <inf>•</inf> Capability to entitle the right portion of data to every user as per interest <inf>•</inf> Organization of seismic data as per the business units <inf>•</inf> Data security by sharing data only with legitimate users/groups. <inf>•</inf> Direct or indirect integration with all the data sources and applications who are consuming and/ or generating data <inf>•</inf> Sharing of and collaboration on data within company and/or across organization for shareholding partner, perspective seismic buyer for trading and relinquishment, regulatory agency resource certifying agencies and service providers etc. over limited network connectivity. <inf>•</inf> Provide intergration/data deliverivey to End Users applications where this seismic data will be utilizaed Implementation of Seismic ecosystem will enable: <inf>•</inf> Sharing of seismic data by the acquisition, quality control, data processing and interpretation with user communities from one centralized storage <inf>•</inf> Collaboration of stake holders in real time over an encrypted network <inf>•</inf> Leveraging cloud and mobility technology advancement for agility and interaction. The system will be connected and interactive yet has the power of complex high-performance computing infrastructure on the background. <inf>•</inf> Data delivery and auditing to wider and more diverse user community that consumes data from different platforms. <inf>•</inf> Secure data access based on organizational business units to make sure data does not fall into unauthorized hand. <inf>•</inf> Reduction in seismic data turnaround time by reading and ingesting large volume of data through parallel input/output operation. <inf>•</inf> Improved data delivery and map interface with contextual information out of the centralized data store. <inf>•</inf> Augment traditional workflows with machine learning and artificial intelligence for example automated fault detection, etc., The proposed best practice aims to bring all of the different disciplines working with seismic data to one centralized seismic data repository and enable them to consume and share seismic data from big data lake. This is live and interactive when compared to traditional technologies of using the archive and restore system in standalone application. © 2019, Society of Petroleum Engineers
Selecting commercial off-the-shelf products. Use of commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) products has become a popular software development trend. The success of a COTS-based development project is highly dependent on the ability of selecting the most appropriate COTS without using a relatively large effort. In this chapter, we will first identify the basic strategies in COTS product selection: best-fit and first-fit strategies. Then, we describe the key challenges in selecting COTS products and present the common evaluation techniques used for COTS products. We will review several direct assessment selection methods, such as the off-the-shelf option, COTS-based integrated system development, procurement-oriented requirements engineering, COTS-based requirements engineering, the infrastructure incremental development approach, and the comparative evaluation process. Strengths and weaknesses of these COTS selection methods will be compared. The indirect assessment method named domain-based COTS product selection method will be introduced and applied to a case study concerning the development of an online margin-trading system for a large, leading bank in Hong Kong using COTS products. The case study will demonstrate that the indirect assessment method reduces the complexity and improves the efficiency of COTS product selection. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. All rights reserved.
Shock-Biased Attention: Enhancing Transformer Hawkes Processes with Amplitude-Driven Temporal Kernels. Temporal point processes (TPPs) are fundamental for modeling event sequences in the fields of finance, where each event is often accompanied by a continuous mark (e.g., transaction volume) that modulates future event dynamics. Among these, Hawkes processes have emerged as the most widely used class of TPPs in the financial domain due to their ability to capture the self-exciting nature of events such as trades, order placements, and cancelations. However, existing Hawkes Process models do not take these marks into account in their prediction model, and marked temporal point process models use post-attention methods, in which the mark information is embedded into the intensity function and not the attention module itself. In this work, we propose a novel shock-biased attention Transformer Hawkes Process that explicitly incorporates mark-modulated temporal dependencies through a shock-biased attention mechanism. Our approach augments the attention matrix of the transformer with a domain-informed bias term, whose amplitude is a function of both the event mark and the elapsed time with exponential temporal decay. Experiments on real-world datasets from financial markets demonstrate that our model outperforms existing methods in event prediction tasks, while providing interpretable parameters that align with domain knowledge. Our framework offers a unified and interpretable approach to mark-aware temporal modeling, enabling data-efficient event sequence analysis across diverse domains. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Short papers, Doctoral Consortium and workshop papers which were presented at the 29th European Conference on New Trends in Databases and Information Systems, ADBIS 2025. The proceedings contain 46 papers. The special focus in this conference is on New Trends in Databases and Information Systems. The topics include: Extending the Applicability of Bloom Filters by Relaxing Their Parameter Constraints; CoDD: A Constraint-Based Dataset Discovery Tool for Open Data Lakes; could More Be Less: The Case of Location(s) Awareness in Time Series Prediction; spatio-Temporal Data and Molecular Dynamics: Challenges and Opportunities (Vision Paper); From ER Conceptual Models to Document-Based NoSQL Logical Models; Querying Property Graphs with XPath; timeVizBench: An Interactive Platform for Evaluating Techniques for Efficient Large Time Series Visualization; decentralized Research Data Sharing Management Using Blockchain Technology; experiversum: An Environment for Curating Data-Driven Experimental Sciences; extension of Data Catalog Vocabulary for Federating Open Datasets in Data Spaces; Enhancing SQL Learning Through Generative AI and Student Error Analysis; GESONGEN: An Interface for Generating and Visualizing Geosocial Networks; Accelerating Entity Resolution Through Vectorized Meta-blocking on GPUs; validating Data Provenance Polynomials; data Governance Maturity Models and Practices: A Systematic Literature Review; an Evaluation of Energy Consumption for Deep Learning-Based Privacy Preserving Record Linkage; machine Learning for Query Optimization in Knowledge Graphs; vector Databases and Language Models: Synergies and Challenges; Ethical and Equitable Data Science: Bridging Social Justice and Technical Innovation ADBIS 2025 Doctoral Consortium Lecture; data Integration for Data Science: Solutions and Still Open Problems; enhancing Data Interoperability in Multi-platform Lakehouses with Apache Iceberg; Executable Semantics for Teaching Concatenative Stack-Based DSLs: The Case of StackLang; exploring Big Data Maturity Models: Findings from a Systematic Literature Review; improving Data Discovery Effectiveness: Experimental Evaluation of Content-Based Catalogs in Data Spaces; architecture of Multi-agent System for Automatic Code Template Maintenance; sequence Management in the Relational Database System Oracle – Case Study; financial Trading Analytics Knowledge Management.
Similarity Analysis of Knowledge Graph-based Company Embedding for Stocks Portfolio. The stocks are affected by various factors, and studies have shown that companies in the same industrial chain or with the same attributes are more closely related, and their share prices are influenced by each other. In the financial field, this kind of stock prices correlation can provide good investment suggestion. The previous method is that investors analyze the company's industrial chain relationship, industry and trading information, and then define the degree of relevance between companies. However, this approach is subjective and lack of statistical evidence. In this paper, we propose to analyze the correlation between companies by knowledge graph technology, the main algorithm is based on graph embedding. In order to analyze the production relationship between companies, we construct a company graph established from the logic of industrial chain and supplement nodes attributes with companies' information. Then, we train and calculate the vector representation of all companies by graph embedding model. Finally, we define the cosine distance of the vector as the similarity of the companies. The embedding vector of companies obtained by the industrial chain graph has achieved good results in link prediction task, visualization and practical application of stock portfolio, and the graph with weight has better effect than that without weight., the back test results show that the stock portfolio has obtained considerable extra-return. © 2021 IEEE.
Smart Grid System Based on Blockchain Technology for Enhancing Trust and Preventing Counterfeiting Issues. Traditional systems in real life lack transparency and ease of use due to their reliance on centralization and large infrastructure. Furthermore, many sectors that rely on information technology face major challenges related to data integrity, trust, and counterfeiting, limiting scalability and acceptance in the community. With the decentralization and digitization of energy transactions in smart grids, security, integrity, and fraud prevention concerns have increased. The main problem addressed in this study is the lack of a secure, tamper-resistant, and decentralized mechanism to facilitate direct consumer-to-prosumer energy transactions. Thus, this is a major challenge in the smart grid. In the blockchain, current consensus algorithms may limit the scalability of smart grids, especially when depending on popular algorithms such as Proof of Work, due to their high energy consumption, which is incompatible with the characteristics of the smart grid. Meanwhile, Proof of Stake algorithms rely on energy or cryptocurrency stake ownership, which may make the smart grid environment in blockchain technology vulnerable to control by the many owning nodes, which is incompatible with the purpose and objective of this study. This study addresses these issues by proposing and implementing a hybrid framework that combines the features of private and public blockchains across three integrated layers: user interface, application, and blockchain. A key contribution of the system is the design of a novel consensus algorithm, Proof of Energy, which selects validators based on node roles and randomized assignment, rather than computational power or stake ownership. This makes it more suitable for smart grid environments. The entire framework was developed without relying on existing decentralized platforms such as Ethereum. The system was evaluated through comprehensive experiments on performance and security. Performance results show a throughput of up to 60.86 transactions per second and an average latency of 3.40 s under a load of 10,000 transactions. Security validation confirmed resistance against digital signature forgery, invalid smart contracts, race conditions, and double-spending attacks. Despite the promising performance, several limitations remain. The current system was developed and tested on a single machine as a simulation-based study using transaction logs without integration of real smart meters or actual energy tokenization in real-time scenarios. In future work, we will focus on integrating real-time smart meters and implementing full energy tokenization to achieve a complete and autonomous smart grid platform. Overall, the proposed system significantly enhances data integrity, trust, and resistance to counterfeiting in smart grids. © 2025 by the authors.
Smart services conditions and preferences – an analysis of chinese and german manufacturing markets. Smart Services are individually configurable bundles of physically delivered services and digital services, based on data collected in the Internet of Things. Due to the increasing equipment of products with sensing technologies and communication modules, Smart Services become more and more important to manufacturing companies. Since German and Chinese manufacturing firms possess a strong trading relationship, it is important to understand the market conditions and customer requirements of the two country markets in order to develop and provide Smart Services successfully. In this context, our paper provides a first overview about these aspects, based on literature analysis and a small qualitative survey among four Chinese and four German experts. © Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2019.
Social network sites and requirements engineering: A systematic literature review. A large volume of highly diverse and real-time data provided by social network sites has revolutionized several data analytical sciences such as stock exchange fluctuation prediction, sentiment analysis, and political affiliations prediction. From a software engineering viewpoint, social network sites have produced an unprecedented opportunity for software development organizations to monitor the opinion of the large population of users of their systems. The extracted data from social network sites can be used to extract information about newly launched systems, and it enable software development organizations to obtain rapid technical and social feedback about their systems. This paper presents on a systematic literature review of the published research articles on how requirements engineering (RE) activities are conducted using social network sites, elaborated in studies published between 2011 and 2019. From the resulting studies, we extracted data to answer our four questions related to social network site (SNS)-based RE approaches focusing on requirements elicitation, prioritization, and negotiation activities. Thirty-one relevant studies were identified and analyzed to answer our research questions. Among 31 studies, 62% of the studies reportedly support requirements elicitation activity, and 14% of the studies reportedly support requirements elicitation, prioritization, and negotiation activities. Ten percent studies were about requirements elicitation and prioritization activities, 7% of the studies support both requirements elicitation and negotiation activities, and prioritization activity was supported by 7% of the studies. It was also observed that 58% of the selected studies adopted semi-automatic approaches to conduct RE activities while 21% of the selected studies proposed automatic tools, and 21% of the selected studies adopted manual approaches to conduct RE activities. The outcomes of this systematic literature review indicate that social network sites can be a major source that can be used successfully to extract and identify user requirements. Moreover, this systematic literature review also presents implications of this study for practitioners and researchers including challenges, unresolved issues, and future research directions. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Software implementation of e-trade business process management information system. In this study we present the software development method for e-trade business process management information system. As a software platform for implementation of the e-trading business process management system has been selected MSSQL database and software component implemented with the use of ASP.NET MVC Framework. The developed Web-application includes the following functional blocks: user authentication module; administration module; block implementing the functions of domain mathematical model and information processing procedures; database intended to store initial data, trading activity indicators and calculation results, as well as the content of the Web-application interface components; logistics module; server end, which implements the procedures for the database access, the formation of the view modes of the models and functions of the domain mathematical model; interface that provides an interactive user access to the Web-application features. The connection between the Web-application and the database is performed on the basis of the GET http-protocol method and is provided by generating database queries and query results. The developed e-trade business process management information system has a three-level software and hardware structure and is designed to manage the processes of interaction between the online store and on-line consumers. © © 2019 for this paper by its authors. Use permitted under Creative Commons License Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0).
Spectrum Sharing Auction platform for Short-term licensed shared access. Licensed shared access (LSA) is an emergent regulatory approach that allows spectrum licensed for shared secondary use among multiple entities while maintaining a level of quality of service. There have been bands planned and pilot trials conducted for LSA such as 2.3-2.4 GHz in European Union. Market mechanism and platform to realize LSA among regulator, primary license holders and secondary LSA licensees remain outstanding challenges. This paper designs and implements a prototype of online Auction platform for LSA-based Short-term Spectrum Sharing (ALS3) by exploiting two economically-robust and computation time efficient single-round auction mechanisms, one unilateral and one bilateral, that Zhan et al. proposed. Core to system implementation of ALS3 is a solution stack of Windows-Apache-MySQL-PHP (WAMP), which runs auction algorithms in the background, facilitates market player communications and brokerage database management, and provides user friendly interfaces. Performance tests over scenarios of realistic dimensions show that ALS3 completes one single-round auction within a few minutes after bid submissions. This prototype platform not only has the potential for applications to future LSA markets but may also serve as baseline environment for LSA trading behavior experiments. © 2017 IEEE.
Stateful Adaptive Streams with Approximate Computing and Elastic Scaling. The model of approximate computing can be used to increase performance or optimize resource usage in stream and graph processing. It can be used to satisfy performance requirements (e.g., throughput, lag) in stream processing by reducing the effort that applications need to process datasets. There are currently multiple stream processing platforms, and most of them do not natively support approximate results. A recent one, Stateful Functions, is an API that uses Flink to enable developers to easily build stream and graph processing applications. It also retains Flink's features like stateful computations, fault-tolerance, scalability, control events and its graph processing library Gelly. Herein we present Approxate, an extension over this platform to support approximate results. It can also support more efficient stream and graph processing by allocating available resources adaptively, driven by user-defined requirements on throughput, lag, and latency. This extension enables flexibility in computational trade-offs such as trading accuracy for performance. The user can choose which metrics should be guaranteed at the cost of others, and/or the accuracy. Approxate incorporates approximate computing (using load shedding) with adaptive accuracy and resource manegement in state-of-the-art stream processing platforms, which are not targeted in other relevant related work. It does not require significant modifications to application code, and minimizes imbalance in data source representation when dropping events. © 2023 ACM.
Stochastic up to Congestion Bidding Strategy in the Nodal Electricity Markets Considering Risk Management. Up to congestion (UTC) is a type of financial product available in the nodal electricity markets of the United States, based on which a financial participant can earn profits by utilizing the different congestion and loss components of the electricity prices in the day-ahead (DA) and real-time (RT) markets. This paper proposes the UTC bidding strategy by using stochastic optimization technique, where the uncertain electricity prices on the UTC transaction paths are represented via scenario sets. In the established stochastic model, the total expected profit and the Conditional Value at Risk (CVaR) of the UTC bidding strategy are maximized simultaneously considering risk management, where the risk preference of financial participant is characterized by using a risk aversion parameter. By solving the proposed stochastic model, non-increasing DA UTC bidding curves can be generated for all the time periods of the next operating day, where the credit requirements for UTC transactions are taken into account in detail. Finally, to verify the effectiveness of the proposed strategy, case studies are carried out based on the historical data and trading policies of the Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland (PJM) electricity market, and the UTC bidding strategies generated by different models are analyzed. The numeral results indicate that, compared to the deterministic UTC bidding strategy, the proposed stochastic strategy can bring much higher expected profit and lower potential risks for the financial participant. Moreover, by adjusting the risk aversion parameter in the proposed model, the risks can be managed efficiently according to the financial participant's preference. © 2013 IEEE.
Stock Market Performance Analytics Using XGBoost. A stock market is a collection of buyers and sellers of equity that are ownership statements for firms that have publicly listed stocks on a stock exchange. In the past few years, we have seen huge losses caused by the destruction of lives and hence there is a requirement for a life cycle prediction strategy that can be reliable and precise. Forecasting market trends, which are crucial for creditors, asset retailers, and critical researchers, are an important part of financial time series projections. Investors must correctly predict equities to make large gains. However, due to market volatility, this form of prediction is highly challenging. We suggest that an investor might utilize deep learning to make decisions. The main goal is to create a model utilizing deep learning techniques. In this regard, we have put forth a concept. In this regard, a component of our work focuses on integrating suitable techniques to combine financial data from multiple sources. Here, we proposed a concept by integrating deep learning with technological research. Technical analysis examines historical market trends using stock charts to forecast potential future market directions for that industry. In other words, the technical analysis uses OHLC (close, open, low, high) prices in conjunction with historical experience to produce a market map that predicts an asset’s direction. Data from the KSE Stock Exchange is used to evaluate the analysis’s success. There are other unconventional learning techniques, but XGBoost is one of the most popular. The Term XGBoost refers to the engineering objective of increasing the computational capital limitations for expanded tree algorithms. In this research, we use XGBoost to forecast valuations. We have obtained a historical data frame of more than 16 years of daily collected data for our selected stock which we will investigate. © 2024, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Stock Market Prediction Using Machine Learning Algorithm. It is challenging to anticipate stock market values, and in the past, this has necessitated significant human-computer interaction. Traditional batch processing methods cannot be effectively utilized for stock market research since stock prices are interconnected. It is practically impossible to estimate stock prices to the penny due to the unpredictability of the factors that affect price movement. However, an informed estimate of pricing is attainable. The data is provided in the form of corporate stock data, that will be evaluated in real time. The proposed system produces an output in the graphical form that depicts the predicted future stock price. Hence, this research study has proposed a solution to predict the stock market prices using the machine learning algorithm. © 2023 IEEE.
Stock Market Prediction using Recurrent Neural Network's LSTM Architecture. Stock market price prediction is a difficult undertaking that generally requires a lot of human-computer interaction. The stock market process is fraught with risk and is influenced by a variety of factors. Of all the market sectors, it is one of the most volatile and active. When buying and selling stocks from various corporations and businesses, more caution is required. As a result, stock market forecasting is an important endeavor in business and finance. This study analyzes one of the explicit forecasting tactics based on Machine Learning architectures and predictive algorithms and gives an independent model-based strategy for predicting stock prices. The predictor model is based on the Recurrent Neural Networks' LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) architecture, which specializes in time series data classification and prediction. This model does rigorous mathematical analysis and estimates RMSE to improve forecast accuracy (Root Mean Square Error).All calculations and performance checks are done in Python 3. A number of machine learning libraries are used for prediction and visualization. This study demonstrates that stock performance, sentiment, and social data are all closely related to recent historical data, and it establishes a framework and predicts trading pattern linkages that are suited for High Frequency Stock Trading based on preset parameters using Machine Learning. © 2021 IEEE.
Stock Prediction on Historical Data based on SGD and LSTM. Stock market prediction is not an easy job this Stock market prediction is not an easy job, it requires a lot of extensive and intensive calculations, analysis, human and computer interaction. Now, we know the nature of stock prices, they change almost every day and almost every moment. The usual conventional methods that we use for batch processing cannot be utilized efficiently for stock market prediction. So in this paper we are proposing a machine learning algorithm that basically utilizes some kind of neural networks, usually Recurrent NN (RNN) known as Long Short Term Memory (LSTM), where the weights and biases are adjusted as per the singleton data points using something called SGD. This will contribute in providing more specific results when compared to already existing algorithms for stock-price prediction. We will then obtain a network which would be trained and evaluated for even higher accuracy with different variant of data sizes, and the results would then be analyzed and performed against an Artificial Neural Network. © 2022 IEEE.
Stock price prediction through sentiment analysis of corporate disclosures using distributed representation. Many researches have exploited textual data, such as news, online blogs, and financial reports, in order to predict stock price movements effectively. Previous studies formed the task as a classification problem predicting upward or downward movement of stock prices from text documents. Such an approach, however, may be deemed inappropriate when combined with sentiment analysis. In financial documents, same words may convey different sentiments across different sectors; if documents from multiple sectors are learned simultaneously, performance can deteriorate. Therefore, we conducted sentiment analysis of 8-K financial reports of firms sector by sector. In particular, we also employed distributed representation for predicting stock price movements. Experiment results show that our approach improves prediction performance by 25.4% over the baseline model, and that the direction of post-announcement stock price movements shifts accordingly with the polarity of the sentiment of reports. Not only does our model improve predictability, but also provides visualizations, which may assist agents actively trading in the field with understanding the drivers for the observed stock movements. The two main aspects of our model, predictability and interpretability, will provide meaningful insights to help decision-makers in the industry with time-split trading decisions or data-driven detection of promising companies. © 2018 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Stockyard: A discrete event-based stock market exchange simulator. We describe an agent-based stock market simulator built using an asynchronous discrete event simulation framework. The simulator is unique in that it's driven by real-world financial algorithms and protocols; and it's open source. It utilizes an order book bid and ask matching model, and real-world exchange protocols. Our simulation is based on multiple agents interacting through an exchange agent. This method is distinct from those that utilize historical pricing data. Order book execution supports a more realistic interaction between agents. Pricing in our model arises from the dynamics of matching orders in the order book. Our simulator enables the study of market dynamics, and trading strategies using real-world exchange protocols. We present our design and implementation of a market simulator and discuss our initial results using the message protocols defined by NASDAQ: OUCH and ITCH. Our initial results demonstrate StockYard's capability and efficiency in simulating markets with realistic trade volumes. © 2017 IEEE.
Stream preparation from historical data for high-velocity financial applications. Event processing is playing a progressively more important part in building inventiveness in the application that can instantaneously answer to the business acute event. Several technologies have been anticipated in recent years, for example, event processing and data streams. Live Data Analysis [1] had bagged lots of investigation attention nowadays, and an ample range of novel techniques and applications have been evolved based on business needs. In financial data analysis [2] however, analysts still generally are dependent on statistical performance parameters blended with conventional line charts to facilitate the consideration of assets and to make decisions. For the evolution of better trading techniques, a live data or event stream is mandatory requirement asset which is highly costly. The proposed technique that creates a live stream of data from historical data sets eliminating the inadequacies, offering a complete ease of working with live streams. This technique can be further used for the creation of a new trend of data analysis [3] and visualization mechanisms [4, 5]. © 2018, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Streamlining Financial Predictions: A Web Application for Stock, Cryptocurrency, and Market Sentiment Analysis. Among the high-degree lines of study in this area, one of the most interesting ones is stock price prediction, particularly in the context of machine learning and time series forecasting models. The traditional past ones include ARIMA, and SARIMAX, while deep learning models have been recently applied for predicting the stock prices based upon historical data. However, these models do hold much promise and also come with volatility and non-linearity in financial markets. Causes for such inaccuracies in predictions include sudden market shifts, external economic events, and investor sentiment. All these factors are difficult to model well. This study will propose a web application that uses advanced time series models to try and overcome such challenges. The system is implemented with Streamlit and Flask, so it gives users a smooth interface. It has five critical modules: Nifty 50, which deals with the analysis and forecasting of stocks using ARIMA and SARIMAX models; Global Market Data, which fetches real-time data from the Yahoo Finance API for granular analysis; Cryptocurrency, which relies heavily on Ethereum data with historical analysis and price forecasting; Twitter Sentiment Analysis, which focusses on real-time analysis of market sentiment through tweets; and the prediction module, which evaluates the accuracy of the models using Root Mean Square Error to measure prediction quality. This solution will provide a straightforward yet potent platform for analyzing stocks, cryptocurrency, and sentiment in real-time. The goal is to raise precision, reliability, and overall user experience concerning financial prediction, while more valuable insights become available to the investor and the researcher, having multiple sources integrated into the model. © 2025 IEEE.
Structural reform of EU natural gas industry chain and its effects. Since the 1980s, the European Union has initiated the structural reform of natural gas industry chain with legal means., gained rather satisfactory achievement and their experiences are of referential value to China's gas industry chain. The EU measures taken include: (1)the unbundling measure introduced to remove the integration of upstream, midstream and downstream; (2)different degrees of market openness established for the purpose of speeding up the reform process; (3)the third party access adopted to make the pipeline network users to obtain pipeline transportation services without discrimination; and (4) establishing virtual trading points as a trade platform for both buyer and sellers (the pipeline transportation users) for the purpose of promoting the bilateral trade and providing efficient pipeline transportation services and formulating a series of pipeline network rules. Remarkable effects were brought about by these measures. For example, the implementation of unbundling measures and the third party access make more market players participate in the import and the wholesale of EU natural gas and also facilitate the direct trading between the final users and the importers/producers. The establishment of virtual trading points facilitates the development of short-term gas markets, and the spot and futures contracts which are traded in the natural gas exchanges further increase the liquidity of the natural gas market. The competitive price formed from the short-term markets provides the necessary pegged price for the transformation from the long-term contract pricing to "gas-to-gas" pricing; importers and wholesalers sell the natural gas based on the "gas-to-gas" price in the downstream markets, which force them to require the long-term contract pricing mechanism of "gas-to-gas"; the substitution of oil and natural gas has been weakened gradually, which is another factor that causes the change. ©, 2015, Natural Gas Industry Journal Agency. All right reserved.
Student Trade Hub: “A Comprehensive Platform for Exchange, Learning, and Community Connection”. Student Trade Hub: “A Comprehensive Platform for Exchange, Learning, and Connection” is an innovative web application designed to enrich the college experience by integrating essential services that promote sustainability, collaboration, and community engagement. The platform is built around four key modules: a Trading module that facilitates the exchange of used goods among students, reducing waste and offering cost-effective solutions; a Product Recommendation module that leverages advanced algorithms to provide personalized item suggestions, enhancing user engagement (Smith and Jones in ACM Trans Web 13:99–112, 2019); a Tutoring Marketplace module where students can offer and receive tutoring services, fostering a collaborative learning environment; and an Event Hub module that connects students to campus events and activities, strengthening community bonds. By addressing both the practical and social aspects of student life, Student Trade Hub provides a comprehensive solution that supports academic success, personal growth, and a sustainable college ecosystem. This platform exemplifies the integration of technology into modern education, offering a dynamic and interconnected space for students to thrive. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
Study on machine learning techniques in financial markets. Portfolios, securities, stock market forecasting, risk management, debt management are all important pillars of the financial world. These pillars rely heavily on adequate and accurate prediction. These are problems that, on the small scale, affect individuals and their financial conditions and, on the larger scale, can be detrimental to a country's financial well-being. This paper, is an attempt at understanding the various algorithms and platforms involving Machine Learning in Financial Markets and reaching informed conclusions on parameters like accuracy, efficiency, speed and usability. In this paper, primarily, different trading techniques are introduced and their effectiveness in quantitative trading and, in general, finance to generate alphas is observed. These techniques, as observed, are categorised by their reliance on Neural Networks, Support Vector Machines and other quantitative variables in finance. Classifications on the basis of supervised and unsupervised techniques and K-Mean clustering are also made. Further, this paper also delves into the hitherto unpredictable and unmovable phenomena in market and public psychology and attempts to suggest a viable solution to it. © 2019 IEEE.
Supplementation of the regulation of anti-procyclical margin measures. Our paper focuses on the procyclicality of margin requirements of central counterparties (CCP). The role of the central counterparties on the market is to take over the counterparty risk during the trading on stock exchanges. CCPs use a multilevel guarantee system to manage this risk, and the margin is one level of this system. The regulators have recognized, that the margin has procyclical effect on the market - in case of a stress event the margin has to be increased as a consequence of the increased volatility of the market -, so they have to take action in order to avoid this procyclicality as much as possible, not to punish the market in a stressed market situation. In this paper we will introduce those anti-procyclicality methods that were offered by the regulators in the so called EMIR (European Market Infrastructure Regulation) regulation, and point out that how the regulation should be extended in order to apply the anti-procyclicality methods properly and efficiently by the CCPs. © ECMS Lars Nolle, Alexandra Burger, Christoph Tholen, Jens Werner, Jens Wellhausen
Supply chain information sharing: Challenges and risk mitigation strategies. Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate how managers perceive risks associated with sharing information with trading partners, and how they attempt to mitigate them. Design/methodology/approach - In this exploratory New Zealand study, qualitative research was conducted involving semi-structured interviews with boundary spanning managers who are responsible for inter-organizational interfaces. Multiple case studies in different industries are used to highlight managers- perceptions of risks in data exchange process throughout the supply network, and their underlying reasoning. Findings - Managers perceive several types of risks when exchanging information across external supply chain interfaces, and adopt different approaches to handling them. The research also reinforces the vital role played by interpersonal relationships and trust as key enablers of inter-organizational cooperation. Research limitations/implications - The findings are based on a small sample of 11 case companies based in a single New Zealand province, thereby potentially restricting generalizability. Future work could usefully extend the sample size in order to investigate the correlations between firm sizes, levels of trust, and degrees of data integration within particular industry sectors. Practical implications - The findings will help managers understand and evaluate different types of risks in the data exchange process, and enable them to make better decisions that enhance information sharing and supply chain performance. Originality/value - Perceived information sharing risks are peculiar to the individual actors, and as such need to be mitigated through changes to their socially constructed perceptions. This work extends the literature on understanding the various dimensions of inter-organizational information sharing. © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
Supporting High-Uncertainty Decisions through AI and Logic-Style Explanations. A common criteria for Explainable AI (XAI) is to support users in establishing appropriate trust in the AI - rejecting advice when it is incorrect, and accepting advice when it is correct. Previous findings suggest that explanations can cause an over-reliance on AI (overly accepting advice). Explanations that evoke appropriate trust are even more challenging for decision-making tasks that are difficult for humans and AI. For this reason, we study decision-making by non-experts in the high-uncertainty domain of stock trading. We compare the effectiveness of three different explanation styles (influenced by inductive, abductive, and deductive reasoning) and the role of AI confidence in terms of a) the users' reliance on the XAI interface elements (charts with indicators, AI prediction, explanation), b) the correctness of the decision (task performance), and c) the agreement with the AI's prediction. In contrast to previous work, we look at interactions between different aspects of decision-making, including AI correctness, and the combined effects of AI confidence and explanations styles. Our results show that specific explanation styles (abductive and deductive) improve the user's task performance in the case of high AI confidence compared to inductive explanations. In other words, these styles of explanations were able to invoke correct decisions (for both positive and negative decisions) when the system was certain. In such a condition, the agreement between the user's decision and the AI prediction confirms this finding, highlighting a significant agreement increase when the AI is correct. This suggests that both explanation styles are suitable for evoking appropriate trust in a confident AI. Our findings further indicate a need to consider AI confidence as a criterion for including or excluding explanations from AI interfaces. In addition, this paper highlights the importance of carefully selecting an explanation style according to the characteristics of the task and data. © 2023 ACM.
Survey of financial market visualization utilizing interactive media technology. Big Data, as well as the visualization of data is a buzzword today. This publication surveys latest trends in visualization in financial industries. A very basic framework considering the different data, interaction, user, method, and evaluation methods is presented. Following a basic review of the existing literature in financial industry visualization, the framework is described in further depths, and shades insight into the different criteria of financial visualization in e.g. the contexts of regulation, market observation, prediction of market forecasting, and visualization of statistical information. The publication rounds up with a discussion of latest trends in media technology, and how these might impact the way how financial industries adopt these into their work-practices, such as virtual currencies, crowd-funding, social media trading, crowd-sourcing, or analysis of financial news. Thus, this publication manifested as a survey article about latest interactive media technology, and how this technology is enriching financial industries in many aspects for the purpose of visualization. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
Syndrome Diagnostics - Fault Detection and Isolation for Complex Systems using Causation-based AI. Syndrome Diagnostics (SD) is a real-time Failure Detection and Isolation software tool for complex, safety & mission-critical engineering systems. Utilizing causal-based AI, SD identifies patterns (syndromes) of failures and autonomously associates them with the root cause based on diagnostics (sensor data) and analytics (metadata from external sources).Downtime for complex and capital-intensive equipment from unexpected failures has significant cost safety, and market risks; even more so for design, who must meet stringent safety & certification requirements. In the post COVID world, organizations must also transition to technology that supports distributed operations - increased demand for remote monitoring is an economically-constrained environment.To compensate these impacts, organizations are looking to implement Predictive Maintenance (PdM) to achieve optimal timing of maintenance maximizing availability and components' useful life, with the least chance of downtime. This requires that monitoring happens in real time to 'catch failures before they happen'.PdM nowadays rely heavily on observed physical symptoms using pure data-driven solutions, however this leads to issues such as spurious correlation which presumes incorrect relationships. These errors in a safety critical system are unacceptable and may result in loss of life in addition to those mentioned previously. We present in this paper, Syndrome Diagnostics, which is a fundamentally different approach to FDI - rather than establishing patterns of systems responses based on correlation that is then manually confirmed by a human specialists, a causation-based strategy is used.Causation is derived from a risk model that builds a qualitative representation of the system, trading parametric simulations with straightforward failure associations. The AI aspect uses machine learning methods to detect failures. Unsupervised algorithms trigger more precise supervised techniques to label (state relative to threshold) each sensor reading within a snapshot. The risk model is then leveraged to relate each sensor label to the failure mode that led to those patterns. © 2021 IEEE.
TCP Ordo: The cost of ordered processing in TCP servers. To achieve scalable, high-throughput, low-latency packet processing, TCP implementations are parallelized across cores in multicore platforms. This, however, significantly affects the order in which packets from different flows are delivered to application processing. Our measurements record up to 75% of the packets are delivered to applications in a way that does not match the order in which they are received on the network interface. For many important classes of applications, such as financial services, bidding and trading engines, game engines, this cross-flow packet reordering affects their ability to provide fairness guarantees. To address this gap, we propose TCP-Ordo - a TCP stack which provides strict ordering of packets across multiple flows, as well as flexibility to control the degree to which ordering is enforced. TCP-Ordo outperforms existing TCP implementations in both latency and throughput. The current prototype is implemented as a user-level TCP stack for Mellanox Connectx3 NICs with 40Gbps Ethernet interfaces. Without ordering guarantees TCP-Ordo delivers one way latency of 4.75usec (a 5x improvement over the Linux kernel) for 150B packets and throughput of 22Gbps (a 2x improvement over mTCP) for 1500B packets. Furthermore, with TCP-Ordo applications are provided with strict packet order delivery, with performance that continues to be superior to the state-of-the-art, even when enforcing packet order across 800,000 connections on a 12-core platform. Finally, TCP-Ordo supports the notion of 'ordered domains' that offer flexibility in the degree of ordering that an application will experience, and pay for. © 2016 IEEE.
TPAAS: Trustworthy privacy-preserving anonymous authentication scheme for online trading environment. In recent years with the improvement of information communication technology (ICT) and wireless communication, Online Trading Environment (OTE) has become a popular E-commerce platform to connect sellers and buyers in an efficient way. As, OTE's are increasing in a wider range, the authentication and verification of entities in OTE network becomes a challenging task. Although, some authentication schemes exist in OTE's, they have flaws such as account creation delays, authentication delays, communication cost and user privacy. In this work, a trustworthy and secure anonymous authentication scheme is proposed to prevent malicious users to enter into the OTE network. In addition, our proposed scheme provides conditional privacy to users until they maintain a genuine relationship with other entities without compromising. If any dispute occurs, then the system will revoke the access of that particular entity. Moreover, the security and performance analysis in this work concludes that our scheme ensures a secure interface to provide sustainable trading experience to users by taking less computation cost and communication delay when compared to other existing authentication schemes. © 2024 Rajasekaran et al.This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
TRacer: Scalable Graph-Based Transaction Tracing for Account-Based Blockchain Trading Systems. Security incidents such as scams and hacks have become a major threat to the health of the blockchain ecosystem, resulting in billions of dollars in losses to blockchain users each year. To reveal the real-world entities behind pseudonymous blockchain accounts and recover stolen funds from massive transaction data, much effort has recently been put into tracing illicit financial flows in blockchain by academia and industry. However, most of the current blockchain fund tracing methods are heuristics and taint analysis methods that are designed on the basis of expert experience and specific events, which have limitations in terms of universality, effectiveness and efficiency. This paper models blockchain transaction records as a transaction graph and tackles blockchain transaction tracing as a graph search task. To achieve efficient and effective tracing of fund transfers on the transaction graphs, we propose a scalable transaction tracing tool, TRacer, which to the best of our knowledge is the first intelligent transaction tracing tool that is generalized to multiple account-based blockchain platforms and can handle complex transaction behavior in decentralized finance (DeFi). Particularly, we tackle the transaction tracing task via a subgraph searching approach which employ a novel ranking method to infer the relevance between accounts during the graph search process in the multi-relational blockchain transaction graph. Theoretical analysis and experimental results on datasets from multiple blockchain platforms demonstrate that TRacer can efficiently perform the transaction tracing task at a lower cost and achieve better tracing results than existing methods or even expert manual audits. © 2005-2012 IEEE.
Teaching and learning Modelling and Specification based on gamification. Video games are understood by society, particularly young people, and young adults, as a form of entertainment. However, given the transformation of society towards the digital, in recent years the games have crossed the barriers of entertainment, and have been used in more ambitious environments and purposes, especially in business and education. In this context, this practice is called gamification, being used at education and aims to make the teaching and learning more attractive and motivating. Gamification, as noted, has the principles of video games, i.e., leverage the elements of the games, which underpin its enormous success, to make learning more engaging, customizable and relevant. Its use in the teaching- learning process has been carried out in parallel with active methodologies, and in the use of learning management systems that include various elements of the game to be integrated into teaching, learning and evaluation activities. In this paper, the gamified programmatic contents idea is presented, and it specifies a level-based programmatic contents structure as well as other gamification elements used, such as points and different types of rewards, the progress bar, the leaderboard, content locking and trading. The gamified programmatic contents will be implemented on the Moodle platform. © 2020 AISTI.
Technical System Construction for Virtual Power Plants from First Principles Perspective; 第 一 性 原 理 视 角 下 虚 拟 电 厂 的 技 术 体 系 构 建. Enhancing demand-side coordination capability is one of the key initiatives to accelerate the construction of new power system. This facilitates the development of demand-side flexibility, improves the retail-side market framework, and diversifies grid regulation methods. Among various typical models emerging in demand-side management, the virtual power plant (VPP) functions as a novel“power source”combining flexible regulation attributes with market trading capabilities. Through multi-dimensional interactions with the power system, VPPs provide multi-temporal balancing regulation capabilities, thereby obtaining market value. However, existing VPP technologies still lack a dedicated systematic framework and analytical theory. The operation characteristics, interaction mechanisms, and dynamic aggregation problems of massive distributed resources have yet been fully addressed, which leads to significant obstacles to large-scale application and routine operation of VPPs for sustainable development. To this end, this paper first conducts an in-depth analysis of the technical essence of VPPs from first principles perspective, organizes the technical requirements imposed by differentiated market trading varieties for various types of VPPs, and proposes the objectives for constructing the VPP technical system. Then, a key technology system for multi-type VPPs across four dimensions is established: fundamental commonality, engineering application, key equipment, and characteristic research. Finally, this paper summarizes project implementation, operational status, and market effectiveness of VPPs in China. Forward-looking recommendations to address limitations in existing technical system are proposed, thereby providing theoretical support for routine operation and standardized application of VPPs. © 2025 Automation of Electric Power Systems Press. All rights reserved.
Technical system construction in the market trading system for demand response based on the energy internet. With the explosive growth of variable renewable energy, the balance between the supply and demand of the power grid is faced with new challenges. Based on the development experience from typical countries and the state quo in China, this paper further analyzes the system architecture and development trend of demand response under the background of Energy Internet. Five dimensions are considered: Energy Internet platform, demand response application scenarios, system architecture, information technology system construction, and demand response development trend. The results show that the application of the Energy Internet platform can effectively solve the problems of data acquisition and processing, “terminal-edge-network-cloud” cooperation of demand response, etc. The system architecture of the demand response platform that supports user resource management, user information access, control instruction receiving, control strategy issuing, and response process monitoring is proposed in this paper. It is also helpful to provide a feasible technical choice for expanding the application ser-vices of Energy Internet towards government and society. © 2021, Tech Science Press. All rights reserved.
Temporal Bipartite Graph Neural Networks for Bond Prediction. Understanding bond (debt) valuation and predicting future prices are of great importance in finance. Bonds are a major source of long-term capital in U.S. financial markets along with stocks. However, compared with stocks, bonds are understudied. One main reason is the infrequent trading in the secondary market, which results in irregular intervals and missing observations. This paper attempts to overcome this challenge by leveraging network information from bond-fund holding data and proposes a novel method to predict bond prices (yields). We design the temporal bipartite graph neural networks (TBGNN) with self-supervision regularization that entails multiple components: the bipartite graph representation module of learning node embeddings from the bond and fund interactions and their associated factors; the recurrent neural network module to model the temporal interactions; and the self-supervised objective to regularize the unlabeled node representation with graph structure. The model adopts a minibatch training process (Minibatch Stochastic Gradient Descent) in a deep learning platform to alleviate the model complexity and computation cost in optimizing different modules and objectives. Results show that our TBGNN model provides a more accurate prediction of bond price and yield. It outperforms multiple existing graph neural networks and multivariate time series methods: improving R2 by 6%-51% in bond price prediction and 5%-70% in bond yield prediction. © 2022 ACM.
The BTC Price Prediction Paradox Through Methodological Pluralism. Bitcoin’s extreme price volatility presents significant challenges for investors and traders, necessitating accurate predictive models to guide decision-making in cryptocurrency markets. This study compares the performance of machine learning approaches for Bitcoin price prediction, specifically examining XGBoost gradient boosting, Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), and GARCH-DL neural networks using comprehensive market data spanning December 2013 to May 2025. We employed extensive feature engineering incorporating technical indicators, applied multiple machine and deep learning models configurations including standalone and ensemble approaches, and utilized cross-validation techniques to assess model robustness. Based on the empirical results, the most significant practical implication is that traders and financial institutions should adopt a dual-model approach, deploying XGBoost for directional trading strategies and utilizing LSTM models for applications requiring precise magnitude predictions, due to their superior continuous forecasting performance. This research demonstrates that traditional technical indicators, particularly market capitalization and price extremes, remain highly predictive in algorithmic trading contexts, validating their continued integration into modern cryptocurrency prediction systems. For risk management applications, the attention-based LSTM’s superior risk-adjusted returns, combined with enhanced interpretability, make it particularly valuable for institutional portfolio optimization and regulatory compliance requirements. The findings suggest that ensemble methods offer balanced performance across multiple evaluation criteria, providing a robust foundation for production trading systems where consistent performance is more valuable than optimization for single metrics. These results enable practitioners to make evidence-based decisions about model selection based on their specific trading objectives, whether focused on directional accuracy for signal generation or precision of magnitude for risk assessment and portfolio management. © 2025 by the authors.
The Construction of a Big Data E-Commerce Service Platform Driven by a Cloud Contact Center. In the development of network technology innovation, data information and access equipment in the overall optimization of the application, so that the corresponding web technology has become more mature, social residents participate in the online shopping experience has become rich and colorful, thus speeding up the rapid development of e-commerce industry. In electric business platform trading amount under the background of rising, accumulated by the construction of service platform to comment on the value of the data and transaction data accumulated large quantities of information, the system analyzes electric business service platform of data information, not only to clear the user of the product of real feeling, also can solve the problem such as traditional platform run slower. Therefore, in this study, Hadoop platform is used to build e-commerce big data platform, and combined algorithm is designed for the platform recommendation engine, so as to ensure that the platform can have more rapid and accurate recommendation function during service operation. © 2022 IEEE.
The Convergence of Artificial Intelligence and Graphical User Interface. AI (Artificial Intelligence) and GUI (Graphical User Interface) are the two most cutting-edge technologies. These technologies individually can make a comprehensive change in industries and alter economic and social interactions and connections. In general, Now-a-days AI is integrated with human technology and used in some wide range of sectors like healthcare, finance to education, banking, manufacturing, transportation, etc. GUI is used in gaming, designing, AR (Augmented reality) and VR (Virtual reality), media, smart home devices, etc., Integration of Artificial Intelligence and Graphical User Interface is beneficial for both users and app developers. The convergence of AI and GUI gives dynamic applications like Data Visualization, Insights, Smart assistants, Adaptions, Navigations, and Predictive analytics. This integration will increase the ease of access for new information to users. Now we are facing some general problems based on these technologies like Adaptive User Interfaces, Automated user interface testing, AI-Enhanced data visualization, Intelligent GUI Design Assistance, Real-Time Emotion Recognition for GUI Adaptation, etc., User interfaces are often designed with a one-size-fitsall approach, which does not account for individual user preferences and abilities. Designing perceptive and attractive GUIs requires significant space and time. This chapter focus on how can we develop a UI (User Interface) with base of AI which can be capable of solving the above obstacles and gives the simple objectives and technical solutions. By this integration we can execute some future projects like AI-Enhanced Customer Support Portals, Adaptive Gaming Interfaces, Interactive Financial Management Systems, and more. © 2025 by IGI Global Scientific Publishing. All rights reserved.
The Dark Side of Dark Mode: How Does Screen Display Mode Affect Financial Crimes. There is an emerging trend in digital interface design to include the dark mode (i.e., font in white against a dark background) in addition to the traditional default light mode (i.e., font in black against a white background). While this innovation was motivated by usability considerations, it is unknown whether and how different screen display modes can influence user behaviours. Drawing on the findings from environmental psychology, we propose that screen display mode can influence users' moral decision making. Specifically, we focus on users' decisions to conduct financial crimes and predict that users are more likely to conduct financial crimes when using dark (vs. light) mode. We propose perceived anonymity as the underlying mechanism and theorize the moderating effect of screen size. Two laboratory experiments were designed to test on two financial crimes, namely, insurance fraud and insider trading. The potential theoretical and practical contributions are discussed. © 2022 International Conference on Information Systems, ICIS 2022: "Digitization for the Next Generation". All Rights Reserved.
The Dynamic Broker Dominant Supply-Demand Matching Decision Using Multiagent System. Supply-demand matching is critical for the increase of response speed, the improvement of resource utilization, and the building of long-term partnership. This study will contribute to the present supply-demand matching studies by (1) summarizing the dynamic broker dominant supply-demand matching problem (B-SDMP), (2) proposing the dynamic broker dominant supply-demand matching approach, inclusive of (a) the building of the distributed constraint satisfaction model based on the dynamic negotiation among agents and (b) the design of an asynchronous backtracking algorithm according to interaction among agents, and (3) the design and development of a multiagent dynamic supply-demand matching system. To verify the validity and usability of the method, the system test and case simulation are conducted. The matching solutions yielded from this B-SDMP analysis can help the buyers find the appropriate sellers on one commodity/service under dynamic environment and stimulate the building of long-term partnership among the sellers, buyers, and broker as a stable supply chain. © 2020 Xu Zhang et al.
The Economics of E-Commerce: A STRATEGIC GUIDE TO UNDERSTANDING AND DESIGNING THE ONLINE MARKETPLACE. Despite the recent misfortunes of many dotcoms, e-commerce will have major and lasting effects on economic activity. But the rise and fall in the valuations of the first wave of e-commerce companies show that vague promises of distant profits are insufficient. Only business models based on sound economic propositions will survive. This book provides professionals, investors, and MBA students the tools they need to evaluate the wide range of actual and potential e-commerce businesses at the microeconomic level. It demonstrates how these tools can be used to assess a variety of existing applications. Advances in web-based technology-particularly automation and delegation technologies such as smart agents, shopping bots, and bidding elves-support the further growth of e-commerce. In addition to enabling consumers to conduct automated comparisons and sellers to access visitors' background information in real time, such software programs can make decisions for individuals, negotiate with other programs, and participate in online markets. Much of e-commerce's economic value arises from this kind of automation, which not only reduces operating costs but adds value by generating new market interactions. This text teaches how to analyze the added value of such applications, considering consumer behavior, pricing strategies, incentives, and other critical factors. It discusses added value in several e-commerce arenas: online shopping, business-to-business e-commerce, application design, online negotiation (one-to-one trading), online auctions (one-to-many trading), and many-to-many electronic exchanges. Combining insights from several years of microeconomic research as well as from game theory and computer science, it stresses the importance of economic engineering in application design as well as the need for business models to take into account the "total game." As the only serious treatment of the microeconomics of e-commerce, this book should be read by anyone seeking e-commerce solutions or planning to work in the field. © 2003 by Princeton University Press.
The Effects of Digital Finance on the Financial Performance of Companies Listed on North African Stock Markets: A PLS-SEM Analysis. Digital financial services have received considerable attention from academics and practitioners. They continue to grow and replace traditional banking services delivery to customers through innovative technologies. In this context, our paper aims to empirically investigate the impacts of digital finance on the financial performance of listed companies on the financial market of Morocco and Egypt. This study is based on empirical data collected from a survey of 118 companies. Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modeling is used to test our proposed relationships based on primary data collected from managers active in these companies. The findings show that digital financial convenience has a significant negative effect on the financial performance. Moreover, the results also show that the transaction costs have a significant positive effect on the financial performance. However, hypothesis regarding the effect of digital financial services’ usability on financial performance was not supported. In addition, digital financial services’ security and digital financial services’ accessibility have no significant effect on financial performance of listed companies. This is the first study to empirically test a greatly developed theoretical model in the Moroccan and Egyptian contexts. Our paper provides some new managerial implications for decision makers in organizations, while exploring the main components of digital finance and their impacts on financial performance. In addition, the results of this study will help managers of listed companies in Morocco, Egypt and other emerging economies to adopt digital finance as a secure mechanism for enhance financial performance and mitigate risk. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly About Insta Shopping: A Qualitative Study. Instagram, as many social media platforms, has been increasingly used by users to shop for goods and products from business or other individuals. Recently, studies have shed lights on acceptance and usage of Insta shopping from users' perspectives by following popular technology models, such as technology acceptance model (TAM) and unified theory of acceptance and use of technology (UTAUT). However, more rich and in-depth insights about using Instagram for commercial purposes within a certain context are yet to be discovered. Therefore, this study aims at discovering experiences and interactions with Insta shopping, the factors and the drivers that impact users' acceptance of Insta shopping, the weight of each factor (degree of consensus among participants), and their direction (positive, negative, or both). The study followed a qualitative approach, by creating four homogeneous focus groups (six participants each) of IT students in United Arab Emirates (UAE) universities. The data analysis approach considered is an axial coding technique as part of the grounded theory, which includes open coding, axial coding, and selective coding stages. The results revealed that the time factor, trust in Insta shops (and its drivers such as reviews, word of mouth, trading license, and others), distrust (and its drivers such as fake comments and reviews, extremely low prices, and others), and the associated risks (financial for losing money, security because of online payments, and some privacy issues) can impact users' behaviors toward Insta shopping. Also, the study classified participants' viewpoints and experiences' themes into advantages, disadvantages, and issues that are associated with Insta shopping. The study indicated theoretical and practical implications and suggests future research directions. © 2014 IEEE.
The Nexus of gaming and NFTs: A deep dive into the future of digital interaction. In an era where two-fifths of the global population is engaged in gaming, this industry's technological and economic evolution is of paramount importance, promising continued growth. Beyond mere entertainment, gaming has become a primary medium for social interaction, enriched by technologies like virtual, augmented, and extended reality. Gaming has increasingly become intertwined with the financial market as game developers shift their focus from gameplay enjoyment to monetization of in-game assets and some players prioritize the potential for livelihood in gaming. This transformation has been accelerated by the integration of blockchain, decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols, and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), which provide users with more control over their in-game assets and enable external trading of such assets in the secondary market. This chapter delves into this integration, examines its impact on the gaming industry, and provides a high-level overview of key related legal and ethical issues that warrant further exploration. © Cambridge University Press & Assessment 2024. All rights reserved.
The Research on the Trading Settlement Model of the Medium and Long-Term Electricity Market Under the Background of Electricity Market Reform. This paper addresses the complexity of long-term transaction settlement in the electricity market. It proposes a solution based on the 'settlement data decoupling' method to tackle the issues caused by data coupling in the settlement process. As the electricity market expands and more diverse market participants get involved. Traditional settlement systems face a large amount of complex and multi-source data. Making it difficult for the system to flexibly respond to changing business requirements and rules. In existing settlement systems, the high coupling between data and programs makes it challenging to expand and maintain, especially when handling multi-source data and frequently changing business rules. The proposed dataset model abstracts and structures the data before settlement, integrates multiple data sources, and achieves data decoupling. Thereby simplifying the calculation and maintenance process. Through dataset design, the system can shield the complex relationships of underlying data and process data from different sources in a unified manner. Avoiding the need to rebuild programs due to changes in data sources. Specific designs include data source definition, field item definition, unique constraint definition, and data persistence definition, which provide structured support for settlement calculations, enhancing system flexibility and adaptability. Using the calculation of power plant grid entry as a case study, the effectiveness of the dataset model in electricity settlement is validated. The results show that this method can reduce development workload, improve the engineering management level of the system, and make the settlement system more adaptable. In conclusion, the settlement data decoupling method based on the 'dataset' model simplifies settlement processes, improves system efficiency and flexibility, and has significant practical significance and potential for widespread application. © 2024 IEEE.
The Visualization Tool for Portfolio Optimization Based on Quantum-inspired Metaheuristic Algorithms. Portfolio optimization is a paramount and important issue in the financial technology area. Constructing a portfolio requires simultaneous considerations of both return and risk, and the proposed system utilizes the trend ratio based on funds standardization, which can effectively evaluate the performance of a portfolio by its returns and risks, while the quantum-inspired tabu search (QTS) algorithm can be used to efficiently build the best portfolio with a stable uptrend. As it is difficult for users to observe a large amount of stock data, this system helps investors to deal with portfolio optimization issues and further provides an information visualization interface to analyze more investment situations. The user interface of the proposed system provides a new service for users to get started quickly in stock selection and clearly analyze the performance of portfolios in the different stock markets. The proposed method can also push notifications automatically when the system detects that the trend of the user's portfolio is going to slow down, and reminds them to invest in new portfolios with a strong uptrend in a timely manner. The system also designs three games. The first two games make people familiar with stocks. The third game combines social computing with gameplay, which helps to simultaneously find a better portfolio in the highly complex data. In addition, our system provides the functions of general financial applications, such as stock price inquiry, financial news, etc. © 2022 IEEE.
The crowdfunding: Financial flows and risks. The article analyzes the financial flows of crowdfunding implemented in various types of crowdfunding platforms. There is a positive effect of crowdfunding on the Russian economy. We consider crowdfunding platforms that invest by providing loans, by purchasing equity securities, and by acquiring utilitarian digital rights. We discuss and systematize the risks inherent in all types of crowdfunding platforms, including the risks of bankruptcy, fraud or unfair practices, the risks of disclosure of information that is presented by the platform in a limited amount, cross-border risk, the risk of illegal use of the platform by users, the liquidity risk associated with the difficulty of implementing purchased investments, and other types of risks. We propose machine learning algorithms for analyzing crowdfunding financial flows based on neural networks, decision trees that sequentially divide projects placed on the crowdfunding platform into clusters based on a key characteristic, a naive Bayesian classifier, and other predictive models for predicting project success. A comparative analysis of the discussed algorithms is carried out. The article analyzes the international experience in the supervision of crowdfunding by regulators. An example is the Italian regulatory body Consob, which oversees the activities of crowdfunding platforms and monitors compliance with securities-related regulations. The use of machine learning tools for the development of crowdfunding platforms and risk-based preventive supervision of crowdfunding is discussed. © 2021 Copyright for this paper by its authors.
The dependency structure of the financial multiplex network model: New evidence from the cross-correlation of idiosyncratic returns, volatility, and trading volume. This work describes the design of a novel financial multiplex network composed of three layers obtained by applying the MST-based cross-correlation network, using the data from 465 companies listed on the US market. The study employs a combined approach of complex multiplex networks, to examine the statistical properties of asset interdependence within the financial market. In addition, it performs an extensive analysis of both the similarities and the differences between this financial multiplex network, its individual layers, and the commonly studied stock return network. The results highlight the importance of the financial multiplex network, demonstrating that its network layers offer unique information within the multiplex dataset. Empirical analysis reveals dissimilarities between the financial multiplex network and the stock return monoplex network, indicating that the two networks provide distinct insights into the structure of the stock market. Furthermore, the financial multiplex network outperforms the singleplex network of stock returns because it has a structure that better determines the future Sharpe ratio. These findings add substantially to our understanding of the financial market system in which multiple types of relationship among financial assets play an important role. © 2025 Dariusz Siudak. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
The impact of supply chain management efficiency on credit rating quality: the moderating role of economic policy uncertainty. Purpose – The present study explores the effect of supply chain management efficiency (SCME) on credit rating quality (CRQ) and the moderating role of economic policy uncertainty (EPU) in firms listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE). Design/methodology/approach – A total number of 1, 910 firm-year observations of 191 firms from 2014 to 2023 were examined. The SCME was calculated using the sales per Inventory Ratio. The CRQ was established using the Technique for Order of Preference via the Similarity to the Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method grounded in entropy. EPU is obtained considering the elements of economic growth and inflation rates. Findings – The findings showed that SCME had a significant and positive effect on CRQ. EPU significantly moderates the impact of SCME on CRQ. Moreover, the three-way interaction (SCME, EPU, and firm size) yields a significantly negative coefficient, suggesting that the moderating effect of EPU on the SCME–CRQ relationship increases with an increase in firm size. Originality/value – This study provides evidence that metrics such as SCME can act as reliable indicators of CRQ, particularly in institutional contexts with underdeveloped credit rating systems. Furthermore, it introduces an innovative empirical framework that simultaneously examines SCME and EPU as key drivers of CRQ. This integrative approach advances beyond conventional models that independently evaluate supply chain performance or policy uncertainty, offering a more comprehensive perspective on the dynamics of creditworthiness. © 2025 Emerald Publishing Limited
The logistics performance evaluation index system in the transportation industry based on big data. In recent years, with the rapid development of logistics industry in China, the management and evaluation of logistics performance have become more and more important. Firstly, this paper sorts out and analyzes the existing problems and main requirements of the industry index system construction. On this basis, combined with economic development, technical means, macro-environment and other factors, this paper designs the feature indicators from four aspects which are social impact assessment, government management support, industry development level and trading platform assessment, and establishes logistics performance evaluation index system. Finally, this paper puts forward the application and implementation steps and contents of index system. © 2018 IEEE.
The mechanism for improving the effectiveness of conformity assessment of equipment used in oil pipeline transport. According to the legislation of the Russian Federation in industrial safety, companies operating hazardous production facilities of oil pipeline transport have to ensure the safety of operated engineering devices and equipment. At the same time, technical regulations limit the range of equipment and materials that must be certified (have a declaration) to confirm the required safety level; the same technical regulations say that legal persons are entitled to implement voluntary conformity assessment systems for such equipment, appoint team members and introduce rules for carrying out such conformity assessments. Following the above provisions, national oil and gas companies ensure quality control of equipment and materials requiring vendors to submit equipment certificates (declarations) and other permits obtained after mandatory conformity assessment procedures; moreover the companies actively use in-house systems of voluntary conformity assessment, set various corporate requirements to purchased equipment and to its producers. Oil and gas industry is committed to the idea of having a wide range of fair-trading, trusted counterparts able to ensure supplies of high-quality equipment. At that, equipment conformity assessment scope, rules and criteria may be substantially different across the oil and gas industry. Inconsistent requirements to equipment conformity assessment procedures (moreover, redundancy thereof) have a negative impact on business activity of the industry, both for equipment manufacturers and operators. In this regard, there is a need to establish harmonized approaches to conformity assessment of equipment, meeting the requirements of both oil and gas companies, and equipment manufacturers. Hence, it is important to define a set of certain vendor assessment and equipment quality control procedures. But it is equally important to create the best environment for operating equipment conformity assessment system, given the intrinsic specifics of oil pipeline transport activities. Such conformity assessment system will rely on the industry regulatory environment and will allow conducting the ongoing monitoring and accounting of equipment status, identifying gaps and assessing the expedience of measures taken to eliminate the cases of use of low-quality equipment at hazardous production facilities. In this paper, the authors propose for consideration a mechanism for improving the effectiveness of equipment conformity assessment procedures matching them up with the quality management provisions and industry approaches derived from vast equipment quality control practice at oil pipeline transport facilities. © 2020, Neftyanoe Khozyaistvo. All rights reserved.
The modelling and optimal control of a hybrid propulsion system for an ice-capable ship. Due to the effect of global warming, navigation on the Northern Sea Route (NSR) has become a more economical and reliable choice for international cargo transportation. In some ways, global warming has increased the opportunity of shipping activities in the Arctic region and hence the need for ice-capable vessels. NSR shipping provides benefits for international trade, but challenges still exist. Although conventional direct drive propulsion system connected to 2 stroke marine engine is normally considered the most efficient approach for long-range transport, for icebreaking operation which requires prime movers to work at partial load, conventional mechanical propulsion systems generally have poor fuel efficiency and high emissions. Moreover, the harmful gases produced by ships trading in NSR have a significant impact on the Arctic climate. Moreover, a traditional mechanical drive icebreaker with a diesel engine is required to operate at high torque, low rpm during icebreaking operation. Thus conventional diesel engine that isn’t optimised to operate at this point would be inefficient and would produce black carbon due to incomplete combustion, which has the potential to cause ice, snow, and cloud albedo out of proportion with normal pattern, thus lead to serious impacts on the Arctic environment and eco-system. Arctic ship propulsion systems have been developing since the 19th century, with modifications such as the use of diesel electric propulsion systems and nuclear power propulsion systems which can ideally meet the requirements of ice breaking operation (low speed and high torque), however, drawbacks still exist in these systems, such as poor fuel efficiency at low speeds for diesel electric propulsion and for nuclear power, there are limitations such as high initial cost, management of nuclear waste and the fact that the required deep knowledge of nuclear technology is mastered by few countries. Hybrid propulsion is a new technology for ice-capable ships, which can address the partial loading efficiency problem in diesel-electric propulsion by charging and discharging a battery energy storage unit which can allow the ship to work in zero-emission mode in some sensitive areas. In this paper, detailed modelling, primary control strategies (voltage and frequency stability) and efficiency analysis of system components such as the motor, generator, battery and conversion devices etc. are and implemented in software, and then the whole power system is simulated with a secondary control strategy (load power sharing and battery aging concern) in both ice and open water load conditions. The results from the diesel electric system and hybrid system total fuel consumption within a target journey are compared to investigate the advantage of the hybrid system, which show up to a 40% fuel consumption reduction for hybrid propulsion arrangement. A tertiary control strategy for energy management is analysed and implemented in the system to further reduce system fuel consumption. © © 2019 ASME
The necessity of public private partnership projects and cooperation development framework to execute aerospace initiatives in Central America. The case of ESAI, El Salvador, Central America: Networking analysis, current situation and perspectives. Central America is a region of constrained, not great structural research in terms of own public budgets or private capital investment for the participation in aeronautical and astronautic industry. The future is demanding worldwide expertises to properly deliver solutions for the Global warming, renewable energies, ubiquitous technology, new economic models, etc. Central America has a main challenge in the growing appeal. In overall there is not effulgent initiatives of Public Private Partnership (PPP) with focus in the astronautic sector, mostly due the circumscribed knowledge, complicated understanding of contracts, experience in cooperation agreements and other complex vicissitudes obligating this region in general to continue significantly indifferent with little options as a valuable potential for vested interests. If this tendency is not changed, Central America in comparison to other developing nations with space programs could continue losing and stay behind in terms of plans and development dependency. However, if unity cooperation agreements happens to build up at first basic Public Private Partnership project, then this study lead to the argument of too much upcoming work would occur forward the participation of local, regional, central policies, strategies, political exchanges involvement, technology transfer, trading, and so on which are important components for the success of Public Private Partnership in the movement of aeronautical and astronautical facilities across Central America. This exploratory study includes a macro perspective following a framework on how Central America can genuinely start the development of this industry to actively obtain Public Private funding and spurt operational networking fact-finding based on other cases where the astronautical industry has been successful; by doing so, the region can certainly master a set of policies and programs to inspirit the incentive of flourishing research and transcends from critical phases, early requirements to highly full research expertise, development of technology, products and services. This study proposes a basic framework model to support El Salvador and limited to Central America in terms of adopting an international working plan development of Public Private exploration, collaboration support and investment across its neighbouring countries where under the supervision from worldwide aerospace institutions El Salvador could enforces a continuous plan of a national program, focus in quality and exploration enterprise contributions, sustain the discovering of leadership. The framework pretends also awareness why funding this type of program agencies brings national and future economic development benefits in each nation, well-being of citizens by allocating considerable investment resources of advancing in-space systems. © © 2016 by the International Astronautical Federation (IAF). All rights reserved.
The opto-mechanical design process: From vision to reality. The design process for an opto-mechanical sub-system is discussed from requirements development through test. The process begins with a proper mission understanding and the development of requirements for the system. Preliminary design activities are then discussed with iterative analysis and design work being shared between the design, thermal, and structural engineering personnel. Readiness for preliminary review and the path to a final design review are considered. The value of prototyping and risk mitigation testing is examined with a focus on when it makes sense to execute a prototype test program. System level margin is discussed in general terms, and the practice of trading margin in one area of performance to meet another area is reviewed. Requirements verification and validation is briefly considered. Testing and its relationship to requirements verification concludes the design process. © 2017 SPIE.
The pre-application system of real estate registration. With the increase in network speed and the expansion of intelligent equipment, the establishment of real estate registration center is increasing year by year. The current model cannot meet the requirements of the registration center. Instead, there are some problems such as wastage of resources and time. To improve the efficiency of registered office and service levels, we want to establish “The Tianjin real estate trading center of registration and certification online pre-qualification platform”. The purpose is to establish information, standardization, intelligent, all-weather network service platform. The system is adopting B/S operation mode and using Silverlight and related to the client. It can be applied for multiple subsystems such as examine and verify as a complete solution. System innovation is mainly for business. It will upload all the processing requirement by the Internet and it will do a preliminary application, then submit formal approval process. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2016.
The role of musical priming in brand recall. Purpose: The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, to analyze whether musical priming induces greater recall of brands and, second, to study the emotional priming effects of music, in comparison with non-emotional music, including gender comparison. Design/methodology/approach: Through the utilization of neuromarketing tools and protocols (quantitative and qualitative), the study explores facial eltromyography (EMG) capabilities and skin conductance responses (SCR) measuring consumers’ emotional responses. Findings: The findings show that at least, 40 percent of the total sample recognized a musical priming effect. The study measures the emotional response to musical priming as positive. Emotional video recognition was much higher in females. Both the self-report and physiological measures support the notion that emotional background music can elicit emotional responses in consumers. Research limitations/implications: The research measured emotional response to musical priming without testing how these responses influence consumers’ attention and overall behavior. Practical implications: The five senses, especially hearing, play an important role in the purchasing decision process and in the individual customer experience. People become aware of the products and brands that surround them and make their choice. In terms of digital trading activities and online sales, increasing physiological understanding of musical priming reactions may mean that, for companies, selling low-end online goods may be economically worthwhile to cooperate with platforms such as Spotify or iTunes to select individual users. Social implications: More research is needed in priming process techniques in order to better understand how primes activate knowledge in the consumer’s mind. Understanding this process will inform marketers how close a prime needs to be to a target to have an effective influence, as well as when marketers should be concerned about negative priming effects. Originality/value: At the best of our knowledge, it is the first time that music priming is analyzed in terms of self-report and physiological measures From the measurement’s perspective, the results reaffirm that physiological and self-report measures capture different levels of information. While SCR and EMG capture real-time subconscious responses, MAN scale self-report data provide information regarding how cognitive effort, in terms of intensity and valence, affects brand recall. © 2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.
TimeFork: Interactive prediction of time series. We present TimeFork, an interactive prediction technique to support users predicting the future of time-series data, such as in financial, scientific, or medical domains. TimeFork combines visual representations of multiple time series with prediction information generated by computational models. Using this method, analysts engage in a back-and-forth dialogue with the computational model by alternating between manually predicting future changes through interaction and letting the model automatically determine the most likely outcomes, to eventually come to a common prediction using the model. This computer-supported prediction approach allows for harnessing the user's knowledge of factors influencing future behavior, as well as sophisticated computational models drawing on past performance. To validate the TimeFork technique, we conducted a user study in a stock market prediction game. We present evidence of improved performance for participants using TimeFork compared to fully manual or fully automatic predictions, and characterize qualitative usage patterns observed during the user study. © 2016 ACM.
Towards Always-on Event-based Cameras for Long-lasting Battery-operated Smart Sensor Nodes. A recent and promising approach to minimize the power consumption of always-on battery-operated sensors is to perform 'smart' detection of events to trigger processing. This approach effectively reduces the data bandwidth and power consumption at the system-level and increases the lifetime of sensor nodes. This paper presents an always-on, event-driven ultra-low-power camera platform for motion detection applications. The platform exploits an event-driven VGA imager that features a motion detection mode based on a tunable scene background subtraction algorithm and a grayscale imaging mode. To reduce the power consumption in the motion detection mode, the platform implements a configurable refresh rate which allows for adaption to sensing requirements by trading off between power consumption and detection sensitivity. With accurate experimental evaluation the paper demonstrates that the proposed approach reduces the system-level power consumption for always-on motion sensing applications by switching between an active 15 FPS imaging mode, consuming 5.5 mW and a low-power motion detection mode consuming 1.8 mW. We further estimate the power consumption for a single-chip solution and show that the system-level power budget can be reduced to 2.4 mW in imaging, and 400W in detection mode. © 2021 IEEE.
Towards a Model-Based Framework for Automated Traceable Systems and Probabilistic Model Checking. The increasing complexity of modern software systems necessitates rigorous methods to verify non-functional requirements (NFRs) such as reliability, performance, and safety. Whilst probabilistic model checking (PMC) offers formal guarantees for systems with stochastic behaviors, its adoption remains challenging due to the expertise required in formal methods and the lack of traceability between evolving requirements and behavioral models. This paper presents MATS-PMC, a Model-based framework for Automated Traceable Systems and Probabilistic Model Checking, which integrates Model-Driven Engineering (MDE) with PMC to bridge the above gap. MATSPMC provides two synergistic environments: (1) a traceable model management environment for creating requirement models and bidirectional traceability links (in the form of traceability models), and (2) a probabilistic model management environment for synthesising probabilistic models and automating PRISM Language generation. The framework's effectiveness is demonstrated through an industrial Foreign Exchange (FX) trading case study, where system requirements are formally mapped to Markov models, enabling verification of probabilistic constraints (e.g., 0.92 success probability) and QoS metrics (e.g., cost-time tradeoffs). This work advances the practical adoption of formal methods by lowering the expertise barrier and providing essential traceability mechanisms critical for evolving systems. © 2025 IEEE.
Towards intelligence engineering in agent-based systems. In this paper, we consider intelligence as an explicit requirement in modern information systems and introduce intelligence engineering as the application of a systematic and disciplined approach to the development, operation, and maintenance the intelligence. After categorizing intelligence sub-characteristics based on an extensive quantitative analysis, we choose learning as the most frequent sub-characteristic of intelligence and present a process for specifying learning in intelligent systems. This process is based on Organizational Multiagent System Engineering (O-MaSE) process framework and extends this framework to cover Learning Analysis (LA) concepts. More precisely, by using O-MaSE meta-model and LA metamodels, alongside applying the process for development a system, we study the potentials of the process framework in specifying learning concepts. Based on the discovered shortcomings of the process, we propose extensions to enrich the process for specifying learning, namely for Requirements gathering, Goal modeling, Knowledge modeling and Environment specification. The applicability of the extended O-MaSE is evaluated by applying it on a Book Trading System (BTS). Based on this systematic process, software development benefits from the more specific assumptions on capabilities expected for learning, and it moves towards more sophisticated engineering practices which prevents implicit or Ad-hoc activities for developing features of intelligent. © 2015 Zarka Private Univ. All rights reserved.
Towards the Application of Blockchain technology for Smart Grids in Kazakhstan. The concept of smart grid infrastructure is already being implemented and progressing rapidly. The number of countries are transforming the traditional power grid so that it will be able to maintain the smart grid requirements. Smart grid is known as an evolutionary power grid which is proposed to make intelligent decisions on its own based on a current state of electrical power system. Microgrid (MG) is a »building block» of smart grid which supposed to provide wider control capability into the system, thus allowing to operate without connection to the grid. However, the remote and autonomous control of the smart grid may result in problems related to security. The main purpose of this paper is to consider various application scenarios of the Blockchain technology in smart grid. The utmost example is smart contract feature. It allows to reduce cost and increase security of trading operations without including third parties. In other words, direct communication between seller and consumer is implemented. Particularly, paper explain how the security and resilience of the system can be improved by the application of Blockchain technology. Furthermore, decentralized machine-to-machine interaction scheme is proposed. First of all, auction based electricity trading platform is established in Jade platform, and further on electricity trading history is stored in blockchain. The proposed case study shows implementation possibility of smart contracts in smart grid environment. © 2019 Global IT Research Institute (GIRI).
Towards the Data Analysis of Fibonacci Sequence During SSE 50ETF Options Trading in China. The rapid development of China’s financial derivatives market brought active trading in options of Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) 50 ETF. As an effective tool to control financial risk in trading, the option in options trading is frequently studied by many international scholars for many years. Many of the techniques of exploratory data analysis are introduced in options trading, including the discussion of Fibonacci sequence. The recurrence of F<inf>n</inf> = F<inf>n−1</inf> + F<inf>n−2</inf> (n ≥ 2; F<inf>0</inf> = 0; F<inf>1</inf> = 1) contributes to the production of Fibonacci sequence, bringing 38.2% or 61.8% of sequence length changes as the significant turning points in options trading. Based on our particular dataset covering 1999 days’ data in SSE 50ETF options trading, we find that it is important for a trader to analyze Fibonacci-like sequence in practical application. An increase/decrease in the profit margin/loss ratio of 38.2% or 61.8% based on sequence length changes is of statistical significance. The data analysis of Fibonacci sequence during SSE 50ETF options trading in China provides a robust analytical strategy in a high volatility market for international traders. The investigation in this article further supports an interactive application between human and computer in the trading portal (Easymoney) in China for price discovery and prediction. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
TradeMaster: A Holistic Quantitative Trading Platform Empowered by Reinforcement Learning. The financial markets, which involve over $90 trillion market capitals, attract the attention of innumerable profit-seeking investors globally. Recent explosion of reinforcement learning in financial trading (RLFT) research has shown stellar performance on many quantitative trading tasks. However, it is still challenging to deploy reinforcement learning (RL) methods into real-world financial markets due to the highly composite nature of this domain, which entails design choices and interactions between components that collect financial data, conduct feature engineering, build market environments, make investment decisions, evaluate model behaviors and provides user interfaces. Despite the availability of abundant financial data and advanced RL techniques, a remarkable gap still exists between the potential and realized utilization of RL in financial trading. In particular, orchestrating an RLFT project lifecycle poses challenges in engineering (i.e., hard to build), benchmarking (i.e., hard to compare) and usability (i.e., hard to optimize, maintain and use). To overcome these challenges, we introduce TradeMaster, a holistic open-source RLFT platform that serves as a i) software toolkit, ii) empirical benchmark, and iii) user interface. Our ultimate goal is to provide infrastructures for transparent and reproducible RLFT research and facilitate their real-world deployment with industry impact. TradeMaster will be updated continuously and welcomes contributions from both RL and finance communities. © 2023 Neural information processing systems foundation. All rights reserved.
Trading Automation Using PineScript. This research project presents a comprehensive initiative that combines the development of an efficient website scraper with an algorithmic trading system. The website scraper, designed to extract diverse data elements such as text, images, links, and product information, aims to empower students and new learners in the field with the ability to access, analyze, and comprehend web data for applications like market research and competitive analysis. The trading system utilizes a indicator based on Relative Strength Index (RSI) and Bollinger Bands for real-time Buy and Short signals in index trading. Parameters and real-time display enhance adaptability and analysis. The initiative includes the integration of a simulator into a financial platform, offering users a realistic experience to understand investment strategies, mitigate risks, and optimize financial performance. The simulator, the real stock market using historical and real-time data, provides a risk-free environment for users to practice investment plans. The approach aims to make internet investing more accessible and informed, bridging the gap between data extraction, analysis, and algorithmic trading for a comprehensive understanding of investment opportunities in a dynamic market environment. © 2024 IEEE.
Trading Behind-the-Scene: Analysis of Online Gold Farming Network in the Auction House System. Owing to the widespread use of smartphones, various online games based on mobile platforms are being launched. Although mobile games have the advantage of better accessibility compared to PC games, there is a limitation in that it is difficult to input specific actions. To overcome this limitation, game companies apply autoplay systems to support users. Autoplay (with macro or game bot programs) without human interaction was previously regarded as a cheating play. To provide a more comfortable and easy gaming experience to users, most mobile games currently provide autoplay functionality. Such introduction means that along with gold farming groups (GFGs), all users can use a game bot. Therefore, game companies prevent profit-producing activities of GFGs by introducing an in-game economic system in which a real money trading (RMT) is impossible. However, GFGs still operate by abusing an auction house. Our study uses the three-month transaction logs of a mobile game that introduces an auction house as an in-game economic system. We observe the abuse that makes RMTs possible through the auction house and propose a method of identifying abuse solely through a transaction log. We analyzed the GFGs using the identified abuse and confirmed that the GFG consists of a single role. © 2018 IEEE.
Trading Strategies for Load Aggregators Participating in Energy-Reserve-Carbon Markets Based on Conditional Value at Risk; 基于条件风险价值的负荷聚合商参与电能量-备用-碳市场的交易策略. With the continuous development of the electricity and carbon markets, load aggregators have become important new business entities. The large-scale integration of new energy into the grid has put forward higher requirements for the flexible regulation capability of the new power system, and there is an urgent need to tap into the regulation potential of load-side resources. To fully leverage the flexibility value of load aggregators, considering the uncertainty of market prices and controllable load resources within the aggregation jurisdiction, a dual layer trading decision model was constructed for load aggregators to participate in the electricity reserve carbon market. The upper layer established a bidding decision model for load aggregators to participate in the electricity reserve carbon market based on the theory of conditional value at risk, and the lower layer achieved joint clearing of electricity, reserve auxiliary services, and carbon markets. Then, using the KKT (Karush Kuhn Tucker) condition and duality theory, the two-layer model is transformed into a mixed integer linear programming problem. The calculation results validate the rationality and effectiveness of the proposed model, indicating that load aggregators can avoid potential risks and increase their own profits by optimizing trading strategies in the electricity-carbon market. © 2025 Power System Technology Press. All rights reserved.
Trading as Gambling: Social Investing and Financial Risks on the r/WallStreetBets subreddit. Financial trading has become commonplace, involving the purchase and sale of securities such as stocks and bonds. While HCI research has investigated people's financial literacy and decision-making and how to design for it, little is known as to how people form financial conversations on social media. To answer this question, we used a grounded theory approach to analyzing financial conversations in the YOLO ('you only live once') posts on the r/WallStreetBets subreddit (WSB), one of today's largest financial online communities. We describe how WSB's discursive culture portrays its gambling-like, high-risk trading by likening trading to gambling, celebrating it, and normalizing financial risk-taking. We discuss the rise of social investing, including how individual investors' affective relationships encourage their outsized risk-taking, as well as reflect on its looming financial risks, especially to already marginalized groups. Lastly, we propose implications for design and policymaking. © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)
Trading off usability and security in user interface design through mental models. The aim of this paper is to establish the foundations for developing a mental model that bridges the gap between usability and security in user-centred designs. To this purpose, a meta-model has been developed to align design features with the users’ requirements through tacit knowledge elicitation. The meta-model describes the combinatorial relationships of Security, Usability and Mental (SUM) and how these components can be used to design a usable and secure system. The SUM meta-model led to the conclusion that there is no antagonism between usability and security. However, the degree of usable security depends on the ability of the designer to capture and implement the user’s tacit knowledge. In fact, the SUM meta-model seeks the dilution of the trading-off effects between security and usability through compensating synergism of the tacit knowledge. A usability security cognitive map has been developed for the major constituents of usability and security to clarify the interactions and their influences on the meta-model stipulations. The three intersecting areas of the three components’ relationships are manipulated to expand the Optimal Equilibrium Solution (OES) (δ) expanse. To put the SUM meta-model into practice, knowledge management principles have been proposed for implementing user-centred security and user-centred design. This is accomplished by using collaborative brainpower from various knowledge constellations to design a system within the user’s current and future perception boundaries. Therefore, different knowledge groups, processes, techniques, tactics and practices have been proposed for knowledge transfer and transformation during the mental model development. © 2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Trading via image classification. The art of systematic financial trading evolved with an array of approaches, ranging from simple strategies to complex algorithms, all relying primarily on aspects of time-series analysis (e.g., Murphy, 1999; De Prado, 2018; Tsay, 2005). After visiting the trading floor of a leading financial institution, we noticed that traders always execute their trade orders while observing images of financial time-series on their screens. In this work, we build upon image recognition's success (e.g., Krizhevsky et al., 2012; Szegedy et al., 2015; Zeiler and Fergus, 2014; Wang et al., 2017; Koch et al., 2015; LeCun et al., 2015) and examine the value of transforming the traditional time-series analysis to that of image classification. We create a large sample of financial time-series images encoded as candlestick (Box and Whisker) charts and label the samples following three algebraically-defined binary trade strategies (Murphy, 1999). Using the images, we train over a dozen machine-learning classification models and find that the algorithms efficiently recover the complicated, multiscale label-generating rules when the data is visually represented. We suggest that the transformation of continuous numeric time-series classification problem to a vision problem is useful for recovering signals typical of technical analysis. © 2020 ACM.
Transaction Data Tracking Algorithm for International Trade Enterprises Based on the Internet of Things and Blockchain. With the deepening of economic integration, there are more and more economic and trade activities among countries, so the foreign trade of countries has been developed rapidly. At the same time, the application of data tracking algorithm in computer vision learning of human-computer interaction is gradually widespread. In the Internet of Things (IoT), enterprises usually calculate and store transaction data through Elastic Compute Service (ECS). However, the data running on many servers are commercial privacy. After enterprise users upload data to the server, it is difficult to directly control and manage them, and the reliability of the network server is not high. Therefore, the business transaction data uploaded by enterprises may have potential leaks. This would greatly affect the data security of the blockchain. In view of the above problems, this paper mainly discussed that on the basis of the Internet of Things and blockchain technology, the optimized data tracking algorithm was used to design a set of traceable data trading system. Through the application of blockchain technology of the Internet of Things, the transaction management of enterprises' digital assets was realized, and the safe flow of transaction data between different enterprises was achieved. The experimental results showed that the average transaction delay range of the system was 4.7s ∼6.2s when using the data tracking algorithm before optimization. When the optimized data tracking algorithm was used, the average transaction delay range of the system was 2.1s∼4.3s. It could be seen that the optimized tracking algorithm had more advantages than the algorithm before optimization, and could basically meet the performance requirements of the traceable data trading system, which improved its work efficiency to a certain extent. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Transactive energy market for energy management in microgrids: The Monash microgrid case study. Transactive energy is a novel approach for energy management and trading, which can be used in microgrids to facilitate the integration of distributed energy resources (DERs) in existing networks. The key feature in transactive energy is using market-based solutions for energy management. Hence, an appropriate transactive energy market (TEM) framework should be designed to enable and incentivize DER owners to participate in different markets. The efficient implementation of TEM for microgrid energy management encompasses the application of a variety of design principles. In this rapidly developing area, this paper presents a complete proposal of the TEM as a framework for the design, implementation, and deployment of transactive energy solutions for energy management in microgrids. In particular, we outline the requirements to design an effective market mechanism for the TEM. The applicability of this perspective is demonstrated through the introduction of the Monash Microgrid as a real-world implementation of a TEM solution, where a complete hardware and software foundation is presented as a platform to deploy a market-based solution for microgrid energy management. This is further illustrated through an example scenario, where the application of TEM is discussed to demonstrate the impact of considered design choices on achieving desired objectives. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Trust, Privacy, and Safety Factors Associated with Decision Making in P2P Markets Based on Social Networks: A Case Study of Facebook Marketplace in USA and Canada. As peer-to-peer (P2P) marketplaces have grown rapidly, concerns related to trust, privacy, and safety (TPS) have also increased. While previous studies have explored these aspects in various P2P marketplaces, there has been limited research on Facebook Marketplace (FM), which is distinguished by dramatic growth and intricate entanglement with the Facebook social networking site (SNS). To address this knowledge gap, we conducted interviews with 42 FM users in the US and Canada, investigating TPS factors associated with trading decisions. We identified four categories of factors: preexisting concerns, signals, interactions, and perceived benefits. We uncover the challenges arising from the interplay of these factors, offer design recommendations for SNS-based marketplaces like FM, and suggest directions for future research. Our study advances the understanding of decision-making processes in SNS-based marketplaces, informs future design improvements for such platforms, and ultimately contributes to a better user experience related to trust, privacy, and safety. © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)
TunPredML: A Machine Learning-Based Financial Decision Support System for Crisis-Aware Stock Market Forecasting and Risk Mitigation: Empirical Insights from the Tunisian Stock Market. This paper introduces TunPredML, an intelligent financial decision support system designed to predict stock market prices under volatile and uncertain conditions. The system integrates machine learning models, advanced data analytics, and visualization techniques to enhance financial forecasting and decision-making for investors. First, we analyze the Tunisian stock market’s reaction to recent crises, including financial, political, and health disruptions, to assess their impact on market volatility and losses. Next, we conduct an initial experiment using eight machine learning algorithms: Linear Regression (LR), Support Vector Regression (SVR), eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), Simple Recurrent Neural Network (SRNN), Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU), Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), Artificial Neural Network (ANN), and Random Forest (RF). These models are evaluated on the Tunindex, incorporating event-related data, and assessed using four regression metrics in addition to execution time to ensure both predictive accuracy and computational efficiency. Based on the evaluation results, the most accurate models are selected for a second experiment, where they are combined into an ensemble stacked model to improve predictive performance. To enhance accessibility and usability, TunPredML is deployed as a web-based financial decision support system, offering interactive data visualization and real-time analytics. The platform provides investors and traders with key insights, including model performance metrics, graphical comparisons of predicted versus actual stock prices, error distributions, and 10-day future price forecasts. By leveraging cutting-edge machine learning techniques and a user-friendly digital platform, the proposed system empowers investors to mitigate risks, navigate market uncertainties, and make well-informed investment decisions. The effectiveness of TunPredML is validated using real-world financial data, demonstrating its potential as a robust, data-driven forecasting tool for financial markets, particularly during periods of economic instability. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2026.
Unveiling Shadow Markets: A Scalable Anomaly Detection Framework for Gold Farming and RMT in MMORPG Player-Driven Markets. Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games (MMORPGs) such as EVE Online face persistent threats from Gold Farming Groups (GFGs) and Real Money Trading (RMT), which destabilize in-game economies and compromise fair play. To address these challenges, this study presents an ongoing effort to develop a hybrid machine learning framework that combines Isolation Forest for unsupervised anomaly detection with XGBoost for supervised classification of GFG roles-Gold Farmers, Merchants, and Bankers. We analyze transaction data from EVE Online's ESI API using engineered features including free money ratio, temporal activity biases, and network centrality metrics. Our approach is designed to address severe class imbalance, where legitimate transactions constitute the vast majority of activity. While full experimental validation is in progress, preliminary analysis suggests that the framework can improve detection accuracy and reduce false positives compared to rule-based systems. This work aims to contribute to the stabilization of virtual economies and provide a scalable, adaptable solution for developers seeking to combat evolving economic fraud, ultimately supporting fair game play and reinforcing user trust. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
Unveiling the drivers of satisfaction in mobile trading: Contextual mining of retail investor experience through BERTopic and generative AI. The proliferation of mobile stock trading has introduced various apps with distinct features, emphasizing the need to understand users' evaluations after adopting the service. This study explores the determinants of retail investors’ satisfaction with mobile stock trading services by employing an advanced textual analysis of customer reviews for four leading trading applications. We utilized Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) based Topic modeling (BERTopic modeling) to identify key topics within customer reviews and used the results as input for generative AI to discern the theme and sentiment of each topic. Based on Service Quality (SERVQUAL) theory, topics are categorized into key quality dimensions: functionality, usability, information quality, customer service, and system quality. Regression models were employed to assess the impact of the quality dimensions on investor satisfaction, revealing positive feedback on usability, information quality, and service quality as primary enhancers of satisfaction. In contrast, negative feedback on service quality, system quality, and functionality was identified as the primary inhibitor of satisfaction. This study explores how the influence of each quality dimension varies among different types of brokers (full-service vs. online-only brokerages). Finally, we propose a visualization tool called Topic Rating Impact and Frequency Analysis (TRIFA), which is designed to categorize topics based on their frequency of occurrence and impact on satisfaction. This tool aids in identifying the strengths and areas for improvement in services by effectively visualizing the results of text review analysis. This research not only deepens our understanding of the quality dimensions of mobile financial services but also offers valuable insights for service providers by suggesting predictive models that could help increase customer retention. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
User Behavior-Based Collaborative Filtering Recommendation Algorithm and Visualization in Second-Hand Trading Platform. In the backdrop of the digital era, the demand for second-hand trading within campuses has seen a significant rise. This project aims at designing a second-hand trading platform that merges the latest technological trends, providing a secure and convenient trading environment for students. The system utilizes Spring Boot for backend development and Vue along with ElementUI for constructing the user interface, ensuring efficient operation and enhancing user interaction experience. The server employs Spring Boot's built-in Tomcat, simplifying the deployment process. For data persistence, Mybatis framework is used for flexible and efficient interactions with the MySQL database. The platform introduces a collaborative filtering algorithm based on user behavior for smart product recommendations, further improving the user experience. The system integrates core modules such as user management, product browsing, shopping cart functionalities, and order processing, innovatively introducing an offline transaction confirmation mechanism to ensure transaction security and reliability while avoiding legal risks associated with online payments. With its B/S architecture, the platform operates more smoothly, making it more accessible to users. Experimental results demonstrate that the platform has a user-friendly interface and efficient data processing capabilities, receiving widespread recognition and praise from users, proving its practicality and innovativeness. © 2024 IEEE.
User Experience (UX) on Websites: The Role of the Ease of Navigation in Perceived Quality and Loyalty. Case of E-commerce Platforms in Morocco. Recent years have witnessed significant growth in E-commerce in Morocco, leading to the emergence of new consumer behaviors. However, there remains a significant shortage of understanding regarding how consumers perceive this rising sales channel, particularly regarding user perception and online behavior. This knowledge gap is particularly pronounced in a developing nation like Morocco, where the dynamics of E-commerce adoption may differ from those in more established markets. To address this gap, we conducted a study to explore the influence of user experience (UX) perception on e-customer loyalty in Morocco. Adhering to the theoretical framework proposed by Malke and Thüring, we investigated the determinants of UX perception among Moroccan consumers. Our findings revealed the importance of the ease of navigation; which is a usability factor; for Moroccan online consumers. Moreover, this factor plays a pivotal role in shaping their perceptions and, in turn, significantly influences their evaluation of service quality and the establishment of loyalty toward E-commerce websites. This study underscores the importance of understanding user perceptions to improve E-commerce position in Morocco. By designating the main factor that drives UX perception among Moroccan consumers, our research offers valuable insights for E-commerce practitioners seeking to enhance customer satisfaction and loyalty in this growing market. Furthermore, our findings contribute to the broader scholarly discourse on UX, consumer behavior, and E-commerce adoption, offering specific insights into the unique dynamics of emerging markets like Morocco. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
User Experience of Stock Market Apps Among Investors with Different Investment Risk Tolerance. Since 2020, Taiwan's stock market surge has driven increased investment activity through stock market apps. This study examined how investors with different risk profiles experience these apps. Through surveys and expert interviews, we developed and tested prototype interfaces. Analysis of 60 participants revealed that the candlestick chart presentation significantly impacts usability for different investor types. Aggressive investors prefer partial information displays, while conservative investors favor less information displays. We also found notable differences in cognitive load across risk profiles. © 2025 IEEE.
User Sentiment Analysis of Blockchain-Enabled Peer-to-Peer Energy Trading. A new way for the general public to consume and trade green energy has emerged with the introduction of peer-to-peer (P2P) energy trading platforms. Thus, how the peer-to-peer energy trading platform is designed is crucial to facilitating the trading experience for users. The data mining method will be used in this study to assess the elements affecting the P2P energy trading experience. The Natural Language Processing (NLP) approach will also be used in this study to evaluate the variables that affect the P2P energy trading experience and look at the role of topic modeling in the topic extraction using LDA. The findings show that the general public was more interested in the new technology and how the energy coin payment system operated during the trade process. This explanation of energy as a CC is an outlier that fits well with the conventional literature. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2023.
User context in a decision support system for stock market. This paper presents a proposal for a Decision Support System sensitive to the user’s context in the area of investment. This area is especially complicated due to the complex nature of the stock market. Therefore, a context-sensitive decision support can be a great support for investors. In the literature survey on DSS for investments in the stock market could be found that very little has been explored regarding the investor profile in financial decisions-making systems. Any practical experiment was not found where the investor profile has been applied on the recommendations for investment in the stock market. The work emphasized the main points to be considered in the User Context implementation for decision support systems development. The main motivation for this work was to demonstrate how the performance of Decision Support Systems for investment in stock market could be improved through the application of user context to their recommendation models. A recommendation system for buying and selling of stocks, based on genetic algorithms, was implemented and measured the performance in various test scenarios, with user profiles and without user profile features. The system configured without user profile, often performed below results than the different profiles modeled and implemented. To confirm the preliminary results, the ANOVA test was conducted and the null hypothesis was refuted at 0.0001 level. © Springer International Publishing AG 2017.
User's Perception on Security and Privacy in Using Crypto Currency Trading Application in India. Crypto trading has grown at an unprecedented rate since the introduction of crypto trading mobile applications. Wallets, which are mobile applications, are frequently used to facilitate user interaction with cryptocurrencies. Attackers are interested in these wallets because of their perceived real-world value. This article examines the security and privacy profiles of the top six cryptocurrency trading mobile apps in India, focusing on understanding user perceptions of cryptocurrency trading apps and their impact on usability, privacy, and security. Unlike regulated financial services and cryptocurrency applications, wallets are exempt from the same stringent security requirements. The author in this paper can infer that there are just a few mobile-based crypto trading applications from this research of all mobile-based crypto trading applications using different penetration testing techniques. Author check these applications for OWASP-defined common vulnerabilities and discover the connections between various security and privacy concerns as well as how varying threat perceptions affect user security behaviors. The paper also examines how mobile applications may affect user privacy. © 2022 IEEE.
Users’ self-description on social media: a methodology to integrate labels and textual information. To analyze how groups of people self-describe on social media, existing studies separately or partly exploited labels and textual self-descriptions. In this paper, we leveraged both sources of information about the users in an integrated procedure, by training a language model on a sample of text documents with balanced characteristics, and then, by using a list of both domain-specific and statistically relevant words as a guide, similarities between word and document representations were explored to analyze group differences in self-describing. Eventually, a bootstrap procedure was employed to assess the reliability of the results. The methodology proposed was applied on data from StockTwits platform, where people write a bio and declare their experience, approach, and primary holding period in trading. We found that groups of traders differ in semantics. In addition, the relationship between the approach in trading and the holding period still holds in self-descriptions, whereas the experience transversely influences bio writing, with professionals using words strictly specific to the domain of stock trading. © The Author(s) 2024.
VALUE-DRIVEN TRADESPACE EXPLORATION FOR AIRCRAFT DESIGN, MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY CHAIN. To meet the requirements of innovative, sustainable and circular aircraft configurations, nowadays it is essential to investigate the entire aircraft life-cycle from design to production, to the disposal after the end of the system operation. This surely enlarges the design space making the decision-making process even more complex: multiple criteria have to be considered at the same time while taking decisions. However, making decisions on future design configurations exploring all the possible solutions on the design space is essential to drastically reduce the overall aircraft cost. In this context, a value-driven methodology has been developed to support and simplify the multi-criteria decision-making process when addressing the concurrent manufacturing, supply chain and aircraft design. This research activity proposes an application of this methodology with the objective to identify the best alternative while trading, at the same time, decision-makers‘ expectations related to the aircraft design, manufacturing and supply chain criteria. Decision-makers can so identify the most performant but also competitive aircraft configuration since the early life-cycle stages. © 2024, International Council of the Aeronautical Sciences. All rights reserved.
VCformer: Variable-Centric Multi-Scale Transformer for Multivariate Time Series Forecasting. Multivariate time series forecasting is crucial for numerous practical applications ranging from financial markets to climate monitoring. Traditional multivariate time series forecasting methods primarily adopt a time-centric modeling paradigm, applying attention mechanisms to the temporal dimension, which presents significant limitations when handling complex dependencies between variables. To better capture inter-variable interaction patterns, this paper proposes the Variable-Centric Transformer (VCformer), which shifts the attention paradigm from time-centric to variable-centric through sequence transposition. Building upon this foundation, we further design a dual-scale architecture that simultaneously models feature representations at both the original variable level and variable group level. Combined with an adaptive variable grouping mechanism, we construct a parameter-sharing dual-path encoder and finally select the optimal feature fusion strategy through comparative experiments. Experimental results on seven benchmark datasets demonstrate that VCformer achieves comprehensive improvements in prediction accuracy compared to traditional time-centric methods, while exhibiting stronger modeling capabilities on high-dimensional data. Ablation studies and interpretability analysis further validate the effectiveness of each component. © 2025 by the authors.
Video Transaction Algorithm Considering FISCO Alliance Chain and Improved Trusted Computing. With the advent of the era of self media, the demand for video trading is becoming more and more obvious. Alliance blockchain has the characteristics of traceable transaction records, tamper proof transaction records, decentralized transactions and faster transaction speed than public chains. These features make it a trading platform. Trusted computing can solve the problem of non Byzantine attack in the aspect of hardware. This paper proposes a video transaction algorithm considering FISCO alliance chain and improved trusted computing. First, an improved trusted computing algorithm is used to prepare a trusted transaction environment. Second, the video summary information extraction algorithm is used to extract the summary information that can uniquely identify the video. Finally, based on the video transactions algorithm of FISCO alliance chain, the video summary information is traded on the chain. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is efficient and robust for video transactions. At the same time, the algorithm has low computational power requirements and algorithm complexity, which can provide technical support for provincial and county financial media centers and relevant media departments. © 2021 Yang et al.
Visualizing Weather Financial Impact on Industries and Weather Derivatives. With the accelerating generation of enormous datasets, data processing tools are also increasing in computational efficiency as well as accuracy. Along with data mining and clustering techniques, tools that enable data visualization are also becoming mainstream mechanisms for extracting the maximum available useful information out of data. This is especially true for financial systems. Analyzing all available information and predicting short and long-term market trends with their fluctuations has been the cornerstone of trading strategies and giving investment advice for years. One of the interesting financial instruments, which can potentially utilize big data analysis and algorithms in several different ways are weather derivatives. Unlike other financial instruments, their research combines both market and weather analysis. This is quite complex and fits perfectly as an area we can explore big data processing and visualization capabilities. In this paper, we analyze the relationship between weather derivatives and weather and investigate how predicting the weather leads to predicting index values and therefore prices for weather derivatives. In pursuing this, we develop a web-based tool that employs weather prediction tools and use it to visualize and predict weather future prices. This research provides an example of how converging data streams can be efficiently analyzed. © 2019 IEEE.
Voice-Enabled AI Assistant for Real-Time Stock Market Analysis and Prediction Using LSTM and NLP. The proposed system introduces voice-based stock market guidance through presenting real stock prices and tomorrow’s trend forecast with natural language interactions. Suggested research attempts to fill the void between intricate analysis of financial information and natural human interfaces. The system supports NLP technology for extracting company names from user voice commands, fetches real stock data from Google Finance, and employs a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural network for predicting stock prices with around 85% prediction accuracy. The architecture employs a Python-based backend for data processing and prediction, Node.js for NLP execution and API calls, and offers an interface for users to interact with this application. Users can search past stock prices or forecast trends by voice commands or web interface, and the assistant responds through voice and text. This innovative strategy illustrates the ways in which combining NLP and machine learning can greatly maximize user interaction and productivity in finance applications, and that provides improvements over current approaches, which frequently handle data lookup or forecasting as individual issues. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2026.
Web Service Infrastructure Patterns. MEP: Message exchange pattern, a set of rules for communication by messages Pattern: A solution template for reoccurring architectural challenges ReST: Representational state transfer, a paradigm for resource-based service interaction SOA: Service-oriented architecture, a holistic approach for service environments Definition Web service infrastructure patterns are reusable templates and best practices for the realization of a service environment. Introduction The World Wide Web was originally invented to provide textual and graphical information for human users. Web service technology extends this idea by supporting the interaction of software entities. Examples from practice are weather forecasting services used by mobile phone applications, automated stock trading systems, or document storage services offered by cloud providers. The design of such a system is a huge…. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2014.
When text is not enough: Data-driven personas to explore crypto education affordances through learning platform analysis and survey insights. Where established financial literacy initiatives fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving digital asset markets, new customer learning environments emerge. In the context of crypto assets and the blockchain ecosystem, platform providers, ranging from trading platforms to specialized educational portals, have taken on a central role in promoting knowledge-building among users. However, most providers lack educational expertise. In line with affordance theory, which focuses on possibilities for action emerging from the interplay between users and technology, it is not enough for platforms to provide merely learning opportunities. To promote broader crypto adoption, educational offerings should align with users’ needs. Therefore, this study employs a data-driven persona development approach and analyzes 20 crypto education platforms concerning their implemented learning components. In addition, we apply topic modeling to explore the educational content. These analyses aim to assess the current state of crypto education platforms and to identify the opportunities (affordances) embedded in the design. Based on the insights and an accompanying user survey, we examine which educational offerings are perceived as valuable by different user groups and derive four distinct types of crypto learners: Cautious Strategist, Critical Observer, Curious Gamified Explorer, and Hands-On Practical Experimenter. Our findings reveal a misalignment between current platform design and learner preferences. Across all types, users tend to favor dynamic formats over static, article-based content. Based on affordance theory, we highlight design implications for crypto learning and present data-supported personas to foster more differentiated and user-centered educational strategies. © The Author(s) 2026.
Why innovations of capital market it systems fail to diffuse into the general public?. Capital markets represent an important component of the economy of any country. Yet, it has been found that in a majority of countries, participation of the general public in capital markets is at a low level even with the availability of online trading platforms. In this study, we integrate constructs of diffusion of innovation, technology acceptance and trust models to form a context specific model in order to identify the factors influencing the general public in using online trading systems. Implications of a survey study carried out among a diverse group of investors are presented in this paper. © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
e-Barter: A Mobile-based Trading Platform. Bartering is more than a century-old form of exchanging goods or services among traders that does not involve money as a form of payment. This is no longer a common practice in commerce nowadays but that does not mean that this form of trading is obsolete. Some are still engaged into this form of trading and uses social media as platform for informal barter trade. Given this disconnect between current technology and the barter system has led to the creation of e-Barter, a mobile application that host online auction and trading as its main objective. Prototyping methodology was used during the development and in the process so specific objectives were met such as identifying the features of an electronic barter system and the appropriate platform for the development was identified. E-Barter was validated through user acceptance testing gaining a grand mean of 4.62 interpreted as Highly Acceptable in terms of functionality, usability, reliability, portability, and over-all acceptance of the 20 respondents coming from IT field and prospective users. Considering that the main reason why barter occurred long time ago is due to lack of money, e-Barter can be a support for them to address their needs or resolve the idea of utilizing the things they no longer need and exchange it for something useful without involving money in the transaction. Thus, help them save money for the things that they need to acquire. © 2022 IEEE.
iQUANT: Interactive Quantitative Investment Using Sparse Regression Factors. The model-based investing using financial factors is evolving as a principal method for quantitative investment. The main challenge lies in the selection of effective factors towards excess market returns. Existing approaches, either hand-picking factors or applying feature selection algorithms, do not orchestrate both human knowledge and computational power. This paper presents iQUANT, an interactive quantitative investment system that assists equity traders to quickly spot promising financial factors from initial recommendations suggested by algorithmic models, and conduct a joint refinement of factors and stocks for investment portfolio composition. We work closely with professional traders to assemble empirical characteristics of “good” factors and propose effective visualization designs to illustrate the collective performance of financial factors, stock portfolios, and their interactions. We evaluate iQUANT through a formal user study, two case studies, and expert interviews, using a real stock market dataset consisting of 3000 stocks × 6000 days × 56 factors. © 2021 The Author(s) Computer Graphics Forum © 2021 The Eurographics Association and John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.